pub date	author name	title catalog1660	"Ingelo, Nathaniel,"	"Bentivolio and Urania, in four bookes / by N. I...."1675	"Barnes, Joshua,"	"Gerania : a new discovery of a little sort of people anciently discoursed of, called pygmies : with a lively description of their stature, habit, manners, buildings, knowledge, and government, being very delightful and profitable / by Joshua Barnes."1676	"Orrery, Roger Boyle,"	Parthenissa : that most fam\'d romance : the six volumes compleat / composed by the right honourable the Earl of Orrery.1676	"La CalpreneÌ€de, Gaultier de Coste,"	Cassandra : the fam\'d romance : the whole work : in five parts / written originally in French ; and now elegantly rendred into English by Sir Charles Cotterell.1677	"ScudeÌÅry, Madeleine de,"	"Almahide, or, The captive queen : an excellent new romance, never before in English : the whole work / written in French by the accurate pen of Monsieur de Scudery, governour of Nostre Dame ; done into English by J. Phillips gent. ; licensed, March 8. 1675/6, H. Oldenburgh."1677	"ScudeÌÅry, Madeleine de,"	"Almahide, or, The captive queen : an excellent new romance, never before in English : the whole work / written in French by the accurate pen of Monsieur de Scudery, governour of Nostre Dame ; done into English by J. Phillips gent. ; licensed, March 8. 1675/6, H. Oldenburgh."1678	"ScudeÌÅry, Madeleine de,"	"Clelia, an excellent new romance: the whole work in five parts, dedicated to Mademoiselle de Longueville ... Written in French by the exquisite pen of Monsieur de Scudery, governour of Nostredame de la Garde [pseud.]"1682	"Ingelo, Nathaniel,"	Bentivolio and Urania : in six books. / By Nathanael Ingelo.1685	"La Vayer de Boutigny,"	"The famous romance of Tarsis and Zelie : digested into ten books / written originally in French by the acute pen of a person of honour : done into English by Charles Williams, Gent."1687	"La CalpreneÌ€de, Gaultier de Coste,"	"Hymen\'s praeludia, or, Love\'s master-piece : being that so-much-admired romance, intituled Cleopatra : in twelve parts / written originally in the French [by Seigneur de Gaultier de Costa La CalpreneÌ€de] ; and now elegantly rendred into English, by Robert Loveday."1698	"Behn, Aphra, "	[Novels]1698	"Behn, Aphra, "	[Novels]1700	"Behn, Aphra, "	[Novels]1700	"""""Behn, Aphra"""	[Novels]1700	"Behn, Aphra, "	[Novels]1700	"Behn, Aphra, "	[Novels]1700	"Behn, Aphra, "	1700	"Behn, Aphra, "	[Novels]1700	"""""Behn, Aphra"""	[Novels]1700	"Behn, Aphra, "	[Novels]1700	"Behn, Aphra, "	[Novels]1700	"Behn, Aphra, "	1700	"Scarron,"	"The whole comical works of Monsr. Scarron : Containing I. His Comical romance of a company of stage-players. In three parts, compleat. II. All his novels and histories. III. His select letters, characters, etc / translated by Mr. Tho. Brown, Mr. Savage, and others."1700	"FeÌÅnelon, FrancÌ§ois de Salignac de La Mothe-,"	The adventures of Telemachus the son of Ulysses : in five parts / translated from the French.1700	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	The history of the renown\'d Don Quixote de la Mancha / written in Spanish by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra ; translated from the original by several hands and publish\'d by Peter Motteux servant to his Majesty ; adorn\'d with sculptures.1700	"Behn, Aphra,"	"All the histories and novels written by the late ingenious Mrs. Behn, entire in one volume ... : together with the history of the life and memoirs of Mrs. Behn : never before printed / by one of the fair sex ; intemix\'d with pleasant love-letters that pass\'d betwixt her and Minheer Van Bruin, a Dutch merchant, with her character of the country and lover ; and her love-letters to a gentleman in England."1700	"Howard, Thomas,"	"Roman stories, or, The history of the seven wise mistresses of Rome : containing seven days entertainment in many pleasant and witty tales or stories ... / translated from the Italian and embellish\'d with many cuts."1701		"A pacquet from Will\'s, or, A new collection of original letters on several subjects : containing pleasant memoirs, intrigues and adventures that lately hapned at London, Hampton Court, Tunbridge, Epsom, North Hall and the Bath : with several satyrical characters, both of ladies and gentlemen, in prose and verse : with original letters by King Charles II and the late Q. of Sweden / written and collected by several hands."1702	"Alcoforado, Marianna,"	"Five love-letters from a nun to a cavalier. Done out of French into English, by Sir Roger L\'Estrange."1702	"Quevedo, Francisco de,"	"The visions of Dom Francisco de Quevedo Villegas, Knight of the Order of St. James / made English by Sir Roger L\'Estrange ..."1702		"The perfidious P--- : being letters from a nobleman to two ladies, under the borrow\'d names of Corydon, Clarinda & Lucina : with the ladies answers."1702	"Boccaccio, Giovanni,"	"Il Decamerone : one hundred ingenious novels / written by John Boccacio, the first refiner of the Italian language ; now done into English, and accommodated to the gust of the present age."1703	"FernaÌÅndez, JeroÌÅnimo."	"The honour of chivalry, or, The famous and delectable history of Don Bellianis of Greece : containing the valiant exploits of that magnaminous and heroick prince, son unto the emperor Don Bellaneo of Greece : wherein are described, the strange and dangerous adventures that befell him : with his love towards the Princess Florisbella, daughter to the Soldan of Babylon / translated out of Italian."1703	"Scarron,"	"The whole comical works of Monsr. Scarron : containing I. His comical romance of a company of stage-players. In three parts compleat : II. All his novels and histories : III. His select letters, characters,&c. : a great part of which never before in English / Translated by Mr. Tho. Brown, Mr. Savage and others."1703		Letters from the living to the living : relating to the present transactions both publick and private with their several answers ... / written by several hands.1704	"Ford, Emanuel."	"The most famous, delectable, and pleasant history of Parismus, the most renowned Prince of Bohemia ..."1704	"Buckingham, George Villiers,"	"Miscellaneous works, written by His Grace, George, late duke of Buckingham. Printed from the original papers. Containing Poems on several subjects. Epistles. Characters. Pindaricks. The militant couple, a dialogue. And the farce uopn [sic] Segmoor-Fight. With letters, by and to the duke of Buckingham. By persons of quality. Also state-poems on the late times, by Mr. Dryden, Sir George Etherege, Sir Fleetwood Sheppard, Mr. Butler, author of Hudibras, Earl of D,Ì_Ì_Ì_Ì_ Mr. Congreve, Mr. Otway, Mr. Brown, Captain Ayloffe, &c. ... To which is added a collection of speeches in both Houses of Parliament ...and some speeches in time of the usurpation of the Rump and Oliver Cromwell."1705	"Manley,"	The secret history of Queen Zarah and the Zarazians : being a looking-glass for -- in the kingdom of Albigion : faithfully translated from the Italian copy now lodg\'d in the Vatican at Rome and never before printed in any language.1705	"FernaÌÅndez de Avellaneda, Alonso."	"A continuation of the comical history of the most ingenious knight, Don Quixote de la Mancha, by the licentiate Alonzo Fernandez de Avellaneda. Being a third volume; never before printed in English. Illustrated with several curious copper cuts. Translated by John Stevens."1706	"Ward, Edward,"	The London-spy compleat in eighteen parts : the first volume of the authors writings.1706	"Gildon, Charles,"	"The post-boy robb\'d of his mail, or, The pacquet broke open : consisting of letters of love and gallantry, and all miscellaneous subjects : in which are discover\'d the vertues, vices, follies, humours and intrigues of mankind : with remarks on each letter : both volumes in one."1706	"Gildon, Charles,"	"The post-boy robb\'d of his mail, or, The pacquet broke open : consisting of letters of love and gallantry, and all miscellaneous subjects : in which are discover\'d the vertues, vices, follies, humours and intrigues of mankind : with remarks on each letter : both volumes in one."1708	Person of quality.	The secret history of the most renowned Q. Elizabeth and the E. of Essex / by a person of quality.1708	"Rabelais, Francois,"	"Pantagruel\'s voyage to the Oracle of the Bottle / Being the fourth and fifth books of the works of Francis Rabelais, M.D. ;  With the Pantagruelian prognostication, and other pieces in verse and prose by that author ; also his historical letters ; Compleating all his works that are extant ; Never before printed in English ; Done out of French by Mr. Motteux ; With explanatory remarks on every chapter, by the same hand."1708	"Le Sage, Alain ReneÌÅ,"	"Le diable boiteux, or, The devil upon two sticks / translated from the last edition at Paris, with several additions."1708	"Aulnoy,"	"The history of the Earl of Warwick, sirnam\'d the King-maker: containing his amours, and other memorable transactions. By the author of the Memoirs of the English court. To which is added, The remaining part of the unknown lady\'s pacquet of letters, taken from her by a French privateer in her passage to Holland, suppos\'d to be written by several persons of quality: brought over from St. Maloes by an English officer, at the last exchange of prisoners."1709	"Manley,"	"Secret memoirs and manners of several persons of quality, of both sexes : From the New Atalantis, an island in the Mediteranean : Written originally in Italian."1709	"Ward, Edward,"	The fourth volume of the writings of the author of the London-spy : prose and verse.1709	"Quevedo, Francisco de,"	"The comical works of Don Francisco de Quevedo, author of the Visions:  translated from the Spanish."1710		"The Secret history of Arlus and Odolphus, ministers of State to the Empress of Grandinsula : in which are discover\'d the labour\'d artifices formerly us\'d for the removal of Arlus, and the true causes of his late restoration, upon the dismission of Odolphus and the Quinquinvirate : humbly offer\'d to those good people of Grandinsula, who have not yet done wond\'ring why that Princess wou\'d change so notable a ministry."1710		"The Secret history of Arlus and Odolphus, ministers of state to the Empress of Grandinsula : in which are discover\'d the labour\'d artifices formerly us\'d for the removal of Arlus, and the true causes of his late restoration, upon the dismission of Odolphus and the Quinquinvirate : humbly offer\'d to those good people of Grandinsula, who have not yet done wond\'ring why that Princess wou\'d change so notable a ministry."1710	"Manley,"	"Memoirs of Europe, towards the close of the eighth century / written by Eginardus ... and done into English by the translator of The new Atalantis."1710		"The Impartial secret history of Arlus, Fortunatus, and Odolphus, ministers of state to the Empress of Grand-Insula : in which are discover\'d, the true and just causes of the removal of Arlus, who by his t-------s ad-----------n, rather deserv\'d H----n\'s Pun------t, than Mordecai\'s preferment : and justice is done to the character of Fortunatus and Odolphus, and they prov\'d to have discharg\'d their trusts with equal honour, honesty, and success : humbly offer\'d to those good people of Grand-Insula who love their country, are not bigoted to a party, and blinded by the fulsom flatteries bestow\'d on Arlus by a gang of mercenaries."1711	"Aulnoy,"	"The memoirs of the court of Scotland, or, The history of the Earl of Douglas ; with, The secret history of Mackbeth, King of Scotland / written by the author of The ladies travels into Spain ... to which is added, The art of love, or, The amours of Count Schlick ... written in Latin by Pope Pius the II."1711	"Defoe, Daniel,"	"The British visions, or, Isaac Bickerstaff, Senr. : being twelve prophecies for the year 1711."1711	"Manley,"	"Court intrigues : in a collection of original letters, from the island of the New Atalantis, &c. / by the author of those Memoirs."1712		"The history of Prince Mirabel\'s infancy, rise and disgrace : with the sudden promotion of Novicius, in which are intermix\'d all the intrigues, both amorous and political, relating to those memorable adventures; as also the characters of the old and new favourites of both sexes in the court of Britomartia / collected from the memoirs of a courtier lately deceas\'d."1712	"Arbuthnot, John,"	"John Bull still in his senses. Being the third part of Law is a bottomless-pit. Printed from a manuscript found in the cabinet of the famous Sir Humphry Polesworth: and publish\'d, (as well as the two former parts) by the author of the New Atalantis. Letter-press Full Work"1712	"Arbuthnot, John,"	"Law is a bottomless-pit : exemplify\'d in the case of the Lord Strutt, John Bull, Nicholas Frog, and Lewis Baboon : who spent all they had in a law-suit / printed from a manuscript found in the cabinet of the famous Sir Humphry Polesworth."1712	"Arbuthnot, John,"	John Bull in his senses : being the second part of Law is a bottomless-pit / printed from a manuscript found in the cabinet of the famous Sir Humphry Polesworth.1712	"Wagstaffe, William,"	"The story of the St. Alb-ns ghost, or, The apparition of Mother Haggy : collected from the best manuscripts."1712	"Scarron,"	"The whole comical works of Mon. Scarron : Containing I. His Comical Romance of a Company of Stage-Players. In three Parts, Compleat : II. All his Novels and Histories : III. His Select Letters, Characters, &c. : a great part of which never before in English / translated by Mr. Tho. Brown, Mr. Savage, and others."1712	"Scarron,"	"The whole comical works of Mon. Scarron : Containing I. His Comical Romance of a Company of Stage-Players. In three Parts, Compleat : II. All his Novels and Histories : III. His Select Letters, Characters, &c. : a great part of which never before in English / translated by Mr. Tho. Brown, Mr. Savage, and others."1713	Phdrus.	The fables of Phdrus ... : mostly selected from sop\'s fables / render\'d into familiar English by Thomas Dyche.1713	"Congreve, William,"	"Incognita, or, Love and duty reconcil\'d : a novel / by Mr. Congreve."1713	"Arbuthnot, John,"	John Bull\'s last will and testament : as it was drawn up by a Welch attorney : with a preface to the Ar--p of C--ry / by an eminent lawyer of the Temple.1714		"The ladies tales : exemplified in the vertues and vices of the quality, with reflections."1714		"The life and character of Jane Shore : collected from our best historians, chiefly from the writings of Sir Thomas More, who was her contemporary, and personally knew her : humbly offer\'d to the readers and spectators of her tragedy written by Mr. Rowe : inscrib\'d to Mrs. Oldfield."1714	"Manley,"	"The adventures of Rivella, or, The history of the author of the Atlantis : with secret memoirs and characters of several considerable persons her cotemporaries : deliver\'d in a conversation to the young Chevalier d\'Aumont in Somerset-House Garden, by Sir Charles Lovemore / done into English from the French."1714	"Hamilton, Anthony,"	"Memoirs of the life of Count de Grammont : containing, in particular, the amorous intrigues of the court of England in the reign of King Charles II / translated from the French by Mr. Boyer."1714	"Delany, Patrick,"	"The life of Aristides, the Athenian, who was decreed to be banish\'d for his justice / translated from an Arabick manuscript, suppos\'d to be written originally in Greek, by Theophrastus."1714	"Hamilton, Anthony,"	"Memoirs of the life of Count de Grammont : containing, in particular, the amorous intrigues of the court of England in the reign of King Charles II / translated from the French by Mr. Boyer."1715	"Olivier,"	"Memoirs of the life and adventures of Signor Rozelli at the Hague : giving a particular account of his birth, education, slavery, monastick state, imprisonment in the Inquisition at Rome, and the different figures he has since made, as well in Italy, as in England, France, and Holland : the whole being a series of the most diverting history, and surprizing events, ever yet made publick."1715	"Barker, Jane."	"Exilius, or, The banish\'d Roman : a new romance : in two parts, written after the manner of Telemachus, for the instruction of some young ladies of quality / by Mrs. Jane Barker."1715	"Burnet, Thomas,"	"A second tale of a tub, or, The history of Robert Powel, the puppet-show-man."1715	"Burnet, Thomas,"	"A second tale of a tub, or, The history of Robert Powel, the puppet-show-man."1715	"Quevedo, Francisco de,"	"The visions of dom Francisco de Quevedo Villegas, knight of the Order of St. James / made English by Sir Roger L\'Estrange ..."1716	"Smith, Alexander,"	"The school of Venus, or, Cupid restor\'d to sight; : being a history of cuckolds and cuckold-makers, contain\'d in an account of the secret amours and pleasant intrigues of our British Kings, noblemen, and others; ... / by Capt. Alexander Smith."1717	"Heliodorus,"	"The adventures of Theagenes and Chariclia : a romance, being the rise, progress, tryals and happy success of the heroic loves of those two illustrious persons : wherein the following histories are intermix\'d, I. The treacherous slave, or, Cruel Step-mother, II. The wandering prelate, III. The fighting priest, IV. The royal adultress : with several other curious events : in two volumes / written originally in Greek by Heliodorus ... in the fourth century of Christianity, who chose to be depriv\'d of his bishoprick rather than destroy this book, design\'d by him for the promotion of virtuous loves."1717		"Court tales, or, A history of the amours of the present nobility : to which is added, a compleat key."1717	"Ward, Edward,"	A collection of the writings of Mr. Edward Ward. ... Vol. II.1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	Memoirs of the court of the king of Bantam.1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	The adventure of the black lady.1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"The fair jilt; or, Prince Tarquin."1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	The history of Oroonoko; or the royal slave.1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"The lover\'s watch; or, the art of making love: being rules for courtship for every hour of the day and night."1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	The lucky mistake.1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"The nun; or, the perjured beauty."1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"Agnes de castro; or, the force of generous love."1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"The ladies looking-glass to dress themselves by; or, the whole art of charming all mankind."1718	"Behn, Aphra"	[Novels]1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	Memoirs of the court of the king of Bantam.1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	The adventure of the black lady.1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"The fair jilt; or, Prince Tarquin."1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	The history of Oroonoko; or the royal slave.1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"The lover\'s watch; or, the art of making love: being rules for courtship for every hour of the day and night."1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	The lucky mistake.1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"The nun; or, the perjured beauty."1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"Agnes de castro; or, the force of generous love."1718	"Behn, Aphra, "	"The ladies looking-glass to dress themselves by; or, the whole art of charming all mankind."1718	"Behn, Aphra"	[Novels]1718		"The Spanish politician, or, Some account of the management of Cardinal Alberoni : done out of French."1718	M. H.	"The lover\'s week, or, The six days adventures of Philander and Amaryllis / written by a young lady."1718	"Ward, Edward,"	"Miscellaneous writings, in verse and prose, both serious and comical : containing twenty one excellent poems upon very diverting subjects : also several pleasant letters upon various occasions, both in town and country : with merry observations and predictions upon every month, and every remarkable day throughout the year / by Mr. Edward Ward."1719		The secret history of the Prince of the Nazarenes and two turks : to which is added The fatal amour between a beautiful lady and a young nobleman.1719	"Aulnoy,"	The Prince of Carency; a novel. Written in French by the Countess d\'Aunois ... Tr. into English.1719	"Defoe, Daniel,"	"The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, Mariner : who lived eight and twenty years, all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque, having been cast on shore by ship wreck, where-in all the men perished but himself : with an account how he was at last as strangely deliver\'d by pyrates / written by himself."1719	"Gildon, Charles,"	"The post-man robb\'d of his mail: or, The packet broke open. Being a collection of miscellaneous letters, serious and comical, amorous and gallant. Amongst which are, The lover\'s sighs: or, The amours of the beautiful Stremunia and Alphonso the Wise, king of Castile, and Aragon, and earl of Provence; with with her passionate letters to the king on his chusing another mistress. In five books. By the best wits of the present age."1719	"Barker, Jane."	"The entertaining novels of Mrs. Jane Barker : in two volumes, I. Exilius, or, The banish\'d Roman, written (after the manner of Telemachus) for the instruction of some young ladies of quality, II. Clelia and Marcellus, or, The constant lovers, III. The reward of virtue, or, The adventures of Clarinthia and Lysander, IV. The lucky escape, or, The fate of Ismenus, V. Clodius and Scipiana, or, The beautiful captive, VI. Piso, or, The lewd courtier, VII. The happy recluse, or, The charms of liberty, VIII. The fair widow, or, False friend, IX. The amours of Bosvil and Galesia."1720	"Manley,"	"Secret memoirs and manners of several persons of quality of both sexes : From the New Atalantis, an island in the Mediterranean ... : Written originally in Italian."1720		"A select collection of novels : in four volumes / written by the most celebrated authors in several languages, many of which never appear\'d in English before; and all new translated from the originals, by several eminent hands."1720	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Miscellaneous works, comical & diverting / by T.R.D.J.S.D.O.P.I.I. ; in two parts. I. The tale of a tub, with the Fragment, & the Battel of the books, with considerable additions, & explanatory notes, never before printed.  II. Miscellanies in prose & verse, by the supposed author of the author of the first part."1720	"Defoe, Daniel,"	"Memoirs of a cavalier, or, A military journal of the wars in Germany, and the wars in England : from the year 1632, to the year 1648 / written threescore years ago by an English gentleman, who served first in the army of Gustavus Adolphus, the glorious king of Sweden, till his death; and after that, in the royal army of King Charles the First, from the beginning of the rebellion, to the end of that war."1720	"Manley,"	"The power of love: in seven novels. Viz. I. The fair hypocrite. II. The physician\'s stratagem. III. The wife\'s resentment. IV. V. The husband\'s resentment, in two examples. VI. The happy fugitives. VII. The perjur\'d beauty ... By Mrs. Manley."1720	"Bond, William,"	"The history of the life and adventures of Mr. Duncan Campbell : a gentleman, who, tho\' deaf and dumb, writes down any stranger\'s name at first sight, with their future contingencies of fortune : now living in Exeter Court over-against the Savoy in the Strand."1720	"Bond, William,"	"The history of the life and adventures of Mr. Duncan Campbell : a gentleman, who tho\' deaf and dumb, writes down any stranger\'s name at first sight: with their future contingencies of fortune. Now living in Exeter-Court over-against the Savoy in the Strand."1720	"Defoe, Daniel,"	Serious reflections during the life and surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe : with his Vision of the angelick world / written by himself.1721	"Behn, Aphra,"	Love-letters between a nobleman and his sister : with the history of their adventures. In three parts.1721	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"Love in excess, or, The fatal enquiry : a novel / by Mrs. Haywood."1722	"Aulnoy,"	"A collection of novels and tales of the fairies / written by that celebrated wit of France, the Countess D\'Anois : in three volumes ..."1722	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"The British recluse ; or, The secret history of Cleomira, suppos\'d dead : a novel / by Mrs. Eliza Haywood."1722	"Defoe, Daniel,"	"The fortunes and misfortunes of the famous Moll Flanders, &c. : who was born in Newgate, and during a life of continu\'d variety for threescore years, besides her childhood, was twelve year a whore, five times a wife (whereof once to her own brother) twelve year a thief, eight year a transported felon in Virginia, at last grew rich, liv\'d honest, and died a penitent / written from her own memorandums."1722		"Female falshood: or, The life and adventures of a late French nobleman. Written by himself after his retirement, and digested by Mons. de St. Evremond ..."1723	"Thibault,"	"The life and adventures of Pedrillo del Campo. Intermix\'d with several entertaining and delightful novels. Written originally in French, by Mons. Thibault ... From thence tr. into English, by Ralph Brookes, M. D."1723	"Caumont de La Force, Charlotte Rose de,"	"The secret history of Burgundy: or, The amorous and political intrigues of Charles duke of Burgundy, and Louis XI. of France. The loves and misfortunes of the Princess of Burgundy, and of the Count d\'Angolesme; of the Queen of France, and the Duke of Calabria ... Faithfully collected by a person of quality of the French court, and now first done into English."1723	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"Idalia, or, The unfortunate mistress : a novel / written by Mrs. Eliza Haywood."1724		"Love upon tick, or, Implicit gallantry : exemplified, in some merry memoirs of the rise and progress of an extraordinary and occasional amour : In which the whole mechanism of that passion is expos\'d, and made obvious to the meanest capacity / by the author of -----."1724	Young lady.	The prude : a novel / by a young lady.1724	Young lady.	The prude : a novel / by a young lady.1724	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	1724		Fables of Aesop and other eminent mythologists : with morals and reflections / by Sir Roger L\'Estrange Kt.1724	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"Love in excess: or, The fatal enquiry : A novel. In three parts. / By Mrs. Eliza Haywood ..."1724		"The new history of Valentine and Orson / abstracted from the French, and the best English originals ; with a new set of figures more expressive of the story, and better adapted to the entertainment of the reader, than any yet extant."1724	"Gildon, Charles,"	"The new metamorphosis, or, pleasant transformation of the Golden ass of Lucius Apuleius of Medaura ; also the Golden spy, or, Magical wonders perform\'d by gold in the courts of Europe, in love and politicks, by its power on the favourite ladies in all ages : in twenty-five novels : altered and improved to the modern times and manners, exposing the secret follies and vices of maids, wives and widows, nuns, fryars and Jesuits, statesmen, and courtiers, &c. / written in Italian by Carlo Monte Socio, Fellow of the Academy of the Humoristi in Rome, and translated from the Vatican manuscripts ; to which is prefix\'d, the life of Lucius Apuleius. ... ; adorn\'d with new cuts."1725	"La CalpreneÌ€de, Gaultier de Coste,"	"Cassandra, a romance : in five parts / Written originally in French, and faithfully translated into English, by Sir Charles Cotterell."1725	"Defoe, Daniel,"	"A new voyage round the world, by a course never sailed before. Being a voyage undertaken by some merchants, who afterwards proposed the setting up an East-India company in Flanders. Illustrated with copper plates. Letter-press Full Work"1725	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"Secret histories, novels, and poems / written by  Eliza Haywood."1725	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	"The history of the valorous and witty knight-errant Don Quixote of the Mancha / written in Spanish by Michael Cervantes ; translated into English by Thomas Shelton, and now printed verbatim from the 4to edition of 1620 ; with a curious set of cuts from the French of Coypel ; in four volumes."1726	"Barker, Jane."	The lining of the patch-work screen : design\'d for the farther entertainment of the ladies / by Mrs. Jane Barker.1726	"Wagstaffe, William,"	"Miscellaneous works of Dr. William Wagstaffe ... : to which is prefix\'d his life, and an account of his writings : adorn\'d with several curious cuts engrav\'d on copper ..."1726	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / by Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships, 1726."1726		The inhumane husband : a novel / done from the French ; by J.M.1726	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"The mercenary lover, or, The unfortunate heiresses : being a true, secret history of a city amour, in a certain island adjacent to the kingdom of Utopia / written by the author of Memoirs of the said island."1726	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	Memoirs of a certain island adjacent to the kingdom of Utopia / written by a celebrated author of that country ; now translated into English.1727	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	The secret history of the present intrigues of the court of Caramania.1727	"Castiglione, Baldassarre,"	"Il cortegiano, or, The courtier / written by Conte Baldassar Castiglione, and a new version of the same into English ; together with several of his celebrated pieces, as well Latin as Italian, both in prose and verse ; to which is prefix\'d the life of the author, by A.P. Castiglione of the same family."1727	"Mandeville, Bernard,"	"Aesop dress\'d, or A collection of fables writ in familiar verse / by B. Mandeville, M.D."1727	"Ramsay,"	"The travels of Cyrus : in two volumes : to which is annex\'d, A discourse upon the theology and mythology of the ancients / by the Chevalier Ramsay."1727	"Ramsay,"	"The travels of Cyrus : in two volumes : to which is annex\'d, A discourse upon the theology and mythology of the ancients / by the Chevalier Ramsay."1728		"The memoirs of an English officer : who serv\'d in the Dutch war in 1672 to the peace of Utrecht, in 1713 : containing several remarkable transactions both by sea and land, and in divers countries, but chiefly those wherein the author was personally concern\'d : together with a description of many cities, towns, and countries, in which he resided / by Capt. George Carleton."1728	"Bunyan, John,"	"The pilgrim\'s progress from this world, to that which is to come : delivered under the similtude of a dream : Wherein is discover\'d the manner of his setting out, his dangerous journey, and safe arrival at the desired country : In two parts, complete / by John Bunyan."1728	"Beauchamps, Pierre-FrancÌ§ois Godart de,"	"The history of King Apprius, &c. : extracted from the chronicle of the world, from its creation / Translated from a Persian manuscript found in the library of Schah-Hussain, sophi of Persia, dethroned by Mamut in 1722 ; By a gentleman who served in the Persian armies."1728	"Chetwood, W. R."	"The voyages and adventures of Captain Robert Boyle, in several parts of the world : intermix\'d with the story of Mrs. Villars, an English lady with whom he made his surprizing escape from Barbary, the history of an Italian captive, and the life of Don Pedro Aquilio, &c. full of various and amazing turns of fortune : to which is added, The voyage, shipwreck, and miraculous preservation of Richard Castelman, Gent. with a description of the city of Philadelphia, and the country of Pensylvania."1728	"Rowe, Elizabeth Singer,"	"Friendship in death : in twenty letters from the dead to the living : to which are added, Thoughts on death, translated from the Moral essays of the Messieurs du Port Royal."1729	"Lussan, Marguerite de,"	"The life of the Countess de Gondez / written by her own hand in French and dedicated to the Princess de la Roche-sur-yon, and now faithfully translated into English by Mrs. P. Aubin."1729	"Bignon, Jean Paul,"	"The adventures of Abdalla, son of Hanif, sent by the sultan of the Indies, to make a discovery of the island of Borico, where the fountain which restores past youth is supposed to be found. Also an account of the travels of Rouschen, a Persian lady, to the Topsy-Turvy island, undiscover\'d to this day. the whole intermix\'d with several curious and instructive histories. Tr. into French from an Arabick MS. found at Batavia by Mr. de Sandisson [pseud.] and now done into English by William Hatchett ..."1729	"Quintana, Francisco,"	"The most entertaining history of Hippolyto and Aminta : containing great variety of surprising events in their lives, and those of other remarkable persons, as, I. deep amorous intrigues, II. heroick enterprises, III. strange exploits of valour, IV. cruel instances of revenge, V. base examples of ingratitude, VI. mean knavish practices, VII. dismal misfortunes, VIII. miserable captivities, IX. wonderful deliverances, X. delightful tales : with many other amazing accidents, and an agreeable conclusion of the whole / translated from the original Spanish, written by that celebrated wit, Don Francisco de Quintana, by Capt. Stevens."1730	Person of quality.	"The Brothers, or, Treachery punish\'d : interspers\'d with : I. The adventures of Don Alvarez ; II. The adventures of Don Lorenzo ; III. Cupid and Bacchus, a dramatic entertainment ; and, IV. The adventures of Mariana, sister to Don Alvarez / written by a person of quality."1730	"Ramsay,"	"The travels of Cyrus : in two volumes : to which is annex\'d, A discourse upon the theology and mythology of the pagans / by the Chevalier Ramsay."1730	"Fontenelle,"	"Fontenelle\'s Dialogues of the dead : in three parts : I. Dialogues of the antients : II. The antients with the moderns : III. The moderns / translated from the French by the late John Hughes, Esq ; with a reply to some remarks in a critique, call\'d The judgment of Pluto, &c. ; and two original dialogues."1730	"Brown, Thomas,"	"The works of Mr. Thomas Brown, serious and comical, in prose and verse : with his remains, in four volumes compleat : With the life and character of Mr. Brown, and his writings / by James Drake, M. D. ; And a key to the whole."1730	"Gomez,"	"Persian anecdotes, or, Secret memoirs of the court of Persia / written originally in French, for the entertainment of the king, by the celebrated Madame de Gomez ... ; translated by Paul Chamberlen ..."1730		"The right pleasant, and diverting history of Fortunatus and his two sons : in two parts, I. Containing an account of his noble birth, remarkable travels, and strange adventures in many kingdoms, how he obtained a purse, which supplyed him with a continuance of money, and a wishing hat, by which he could be conveyed in an instant, to any place where he desired to be, as also his death, at which he bequeathed his purse and hat to his two sons, with his sumptuous funeral monument, &c. II. Containing the travels and remarkable actions of his sons, with their untimely deaths and burials / first penn\'d in the Dutch language, thence abstracted, and now published in English, by T.C."1730	"Heinsius, Nicolaas,"	The life and surprizing adventures of Mirandor. / Translated from the Dutch. Adorned with thirteen cuts. In two volumes.1730	"Ramsay,"	The travels of Cyrus.1730	"Marana, Giovanni Paolo,"	"The eight volumes of letters writ by a Turkish spy, who liv\'d five and forty years undiscover\'d at Paris: giving an impartial account to the Divan at Constantinople of the most remarkable transactions of Europe: and discovering several intrigues and secrets of the Christian courts (especially of that of France) continued from the year 1637, to the year 1682. Written originally in Arabick. Translated into Italian, from thence into English. And now published with a large historical preface and index to illustrate the whole. By the translator of the first volume."1730	"Marana, Giovanni Paolo,"	"The eight volumes of letters writ by a Turkish spy, who liv\'d five and forty years undiscover\'d at Paris: giving an impartial account to the Divan at Constantinople of the most remarkable transactions of Europe: and discovering several intrigues and secrets of the Christian courts (especially of that of France) continued from the year 1637, to the year 1682. Written originally in Arabick. Translated into Italian, from thence into English. And now published with a large historical preface and index to illustrate the whole. By the translator of the first volume."1731	"Gwinnett, Richard,"	"Pylades and Corinna: or, Memoirs of the lives, amours, and writings of Richard Gwinnett, esq.; of Great Shurdington in Gloucestershire; and Mrs. Elizabeth Thomas, junr., of Great Russel street, Bloomsbury. Containing, the letters and other miscellaneous pieces, in prose and verse, which passed between them during a courtship of above sixteen years. Faithfully published from their original manuscripts. Attested by Sir Edward Northey, knight. To which is prefixed, The life of Corrina. Written by her self."1731	"Montesquieu, Charles de Secondat,"	Persian letters Translated by Mr. Ozell.1731	"Desfontaines,"	"The travels of Mr. John Gulliver, son to Capt. Lemuel Gulliver / translated from the French, by J. Lockman."1731	"Claude, Isaac,"	"The amours of the Count de Soissons, a prince of the house of Bourbon : in a very entertaining relation of the gallantries of persons of distinction in the court of France, during the ministry of Cardinal Richlieu, which have not hitherto been accounted for. translated from the French into English by James Seguin ..."1731		"A view of the beau monde, or, Memoirs of the celebrated Coquetilla  : a real history in which is interspersed the amours of several persons of   quality and distinction : with several original songs by S---y C---gs Beau N---, &c. ... : to which is added The masque of life, a ballad by a person of distinction."1732	"Terrasson, Jean,"	"The life of Sethos : taken from private memoirs of the ancient Egyptians / translated from a Greek manuscript into French, and now faithfully done into English from the Paris edition by Mr. Lediard ; in two volumes."1732	"Boyd, Elizabeth."	"The happy unfortunate, or, the female page : a novel, in three parts / by Elizabeth Boyd ..."1732	"Terrasson, Jean,"	"The life of Sethos : taken from private memoirs of the ancient    Egyptians / translated from a Greek manuscript into French, and now faithfully done into English from the Paris edition by Mr. Lediard ; in two volumes."1733	"Marini, Giovanni Ambrogio,"	"The desperadoes : an heroick history / translated from the Italian of the celebrated Marini, (the original having passed ten editions) ; containing a series of the most surprizing adventures of the Princes Formidaur and Florian ... ; in four books ; embellish\'d with eight excellent copper-plates."1733	"Fontanieu, Gaspard MoiÌˆse,"	"Rosalinda, a novel : containing the histories of Rosalind and Lealdus, Dorisba and Leander, Emilia and Edward, Adelais, daughter of Otho II, and Alerames, Duke of Saxony : with a most remarkable story of Edmund, the gallant Earl of Salisbury, nephew to that Earl of Essex who was general of the parliament army against K. Charles I : intermix\'d with a variety of the most affecting scenes, both of distress and happiness / by a man of quality ; translated from the French."1733	"Grainger, Lydia."	"Modern amours, or, A secret history of the adventures of some persons of the first rank : faithfully related from the author\'s own knowledge of each transaction : with a key prefixed."1733	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	The history of the valorous and witty knight-errant Don Quixote of the Mancha / written in Spanish by Michael Cervantes ; translated into English by Thomas Shelton and Mr. Blunt ; and now printed from the quarto edition of 1620 ; with a curious sett of cutts from the French of Coypell ; and several annotations and amendments not in any former edition ; with a preface giving an account of the present edition and explaining the nature of the work.1734	"Gomez,"	L\'entretien des beaux esprits : being the sequel to La belle assembleÌÅe / written for the entertainment of the French court by Madam de Gomez ...1734		"The unnatural mother, or, Innocent love persecuted : Being the genuine and most affecting history of the tragical and fatal consequences that attended the sincere and disinterested passion of a gentleman of an eminent station in the law, and a young lady of a considerable family in one of the politest courts of Europe."1734	"Gueullette, Thomas-Simon,"	"Peruvian tales : related in one thousand and one hours, by one of the select virgins of Cusco, to the Ynca of Peru, to dissuade him from a resolution he had taken to destroy himself by poison. Interspersed with curious and historical remarks, explaining the religious and civil customs, and ceremonies, of the ancient inhabitants of that great empire. / Translated from the original French by Samuel Humphreys ..."1734		"The lover\'s secretary, or, The adventures of Lindamira, a lady of quality : written to her friend in the country : in XXIV letters / revis\'d and corrected by Mr. Tho. Brown."1734	"Ford, Emanuel."	"The famous and pleasant history of Parismus, the valiant and renowned prince of Bohemia : in three parts."1734	"Kerry, William Fitzmaurice,"	"[Love and artifice, or, A compleat history of the amour between Lord Mauritio and Emilia : being the case of Elizabeth Fitz-Maurice, alias Leeson and the Lord William Fitz-Maurice relating to a marriage contract between them ... ]"1734	"Marana, Giovanni Paolo,"	"The eight volumes of letters writ by a Turkish spy, who liv\'d five and forty years undiscover\'d at Paris: giving an impartial account to the Divan at Constantinople of the most remarkable transactions of Europe: and discovering several intrigues and secrets of the Christian courts (especially of that of France) continued from the year 1637, to the year 1682. Written originally in Arabick. Translated into Italian, from thence into English. And now published with a large historical preface and index to illustrate the whole. By the translator of the first volume."1735	"Lyttelton, George Lyttelton,"	"Letters from a Persian in England, to his friend at Ispahan."1735	"CreÌÅbillon, Claude-Prosper Jolyot de,"	Letters from the marchioness de M*** to the count de R*** / translated from the original French by Mr. Humphreys.1735	"Vignacourt, Adrien de la Vieuville d\'Orville,"	"The Christian Turk, or, The instructive and entertaining adventures of Prince Jakaya, son to Mahomet III, emperor of the Turks : who lost his succession to the Ottomon empire, by being privately bred up in the Christian religion : The whole intermix\'d with several delightful histories of the most illustrious personages, and containing the greatest variety of events ever yet published ... / Tr. from the original French."1735	"Lyttelton, George Lyttelton,"	"Letters from a Persian in England, to his friend at Ispahan."1735	"Behn, Aphra,"	Love-letters between a nobleman and his sister : with the history of their adventures. In three parts.1735	"Aulnoy,"	"Ingenious and diverting letters of a lady\'s travels into Spain : describing the devotions, nunneries, humour, customs, laws, militia, trade, diet, and recreations of that people : intermixed with great variety of modern adventures, and surprising accidents : being the truest and best remarks extant, on that court and country ... : in two volumes."1736	Petronius Arbiter.	"The works of Petronius Arbiter, in prose and verse / translated from the original Latin by Mr. Addison ; to which are prefix\'d The Life of Petronius, done from the Latin, and a character of his writings by Monsieur St. Evremont."1736	"Saint-Hyacinthe,"	"Histoire du Prince Titi, A.R. = The history of Prince Titi, a royal allegory / translated by a lady."1736	"La CalpreneÌ€de, Gaultier de Coste,"	"Hymen\'s praeludia, or, Love\'s master-piece : being that so-much-admir\'d romance, intitled, Cleopatra, In twelve parts / written originally in French, and now elegantly render\'d into English, by Robert Loveday ...."1736	"Zelis,"	"Celenia, or, The history of Hyempsal, King of Numidia : in two volumes."1736		"Letters from a Moor at London to his friend at Tunis. Containing an account of his journey through England, with observations on the laws, customs, religion, and manners of the English nation. Likewise remarks on the publick charities, with curious memoirs relating to the life of Mr. Sutton, founder of the Charter-house, a description of Bedlam, with serious reflections on love, madness, and self-murder. The whole interspersed with historical remarks and useful observations."1736	"Manley,"	"Secret memoirs and manners of several persons of quality of both sexes : from the New Atalantis, an island in the Mediterranean : in four volumes : written originally in Italian."1737	"Le Sage, Alain ReneÌÅ,"	"The bachelor of Salamanca, or Memoirs of Don Cherubim de la Ronda : in three parts / written originally in French by Mr. Le Sage ... : translated by Mr. Lockman."1737	"Montemayor, Jorge de,"	Diana. A pastoral novel. From the Spanish of George de Montemayor ...1738	"Rowe, Elizabeth Singer,"	"Friendship in death : in twenty letters from the dead to the living : To which are added, letters moral and entertaining, in prose and verse : In three parts / By Mrs. Elizabeth Rowe."1738	"Rabelais, FrancÌ§ois,"	"The works of Francis Rabelais, M.D. : in five volumes / Now carefully revised, and compared throughout with the late new edition of M. Le du Chat, by Mr. Ozell. Who has likewise added at the bottom of the pages, a translation of the notes, historical, critical, and explanatory, of the said M. du Chat, and others ... ; Adorn\'d with 15 very neat copper plates."1738		Fables of Aesop and other eminent mythologists : with morals and reflections / by Sir Roger L\'Estrange Kt.1738	"Vega, Lope de,"	"The pilgrim, or The stranger in his own country : containing a regular series of historical novels digested into four books / written originally in Spanish by ... Lope de Vega Carpio ; also Diana, a pastoral romance in four books / by George de Montemajor : with its continuation in three books by Gaspar Gil-Polo, from the Spanish original."1739		"The Unfortunate dutchess, or, The lucky gamester : a novel, founded on a true story."1739	"Aubin, Penelope,"	"A collection of entertaining histories and novels : designed to promote the cause of virtue and honour, principally founded on facts and interspersed with a variety of beautiful and instructive incidents / by Mrs. Penelope Aubin ; and now first collected in three volumes."1740		"The Life and adventures of Mrs. Christian Davies, commonly called Mother Ross : who, in several campaigns under King William and the late Duke of Marlborough, in the quality of a foot soldier and dragoon, gave many signal proofs of an unparallelled courage and personal bravery : taken from her own mouth when a pensioner of Chelsea Hospital, and known to be true by many who were engaged in those great scenes of action."1740	"Campbell, John,"	"The polite correspondence, or, Rational amusement : being a series of letters, philosophical, poetical, historical, critical, amorous, moral, and satyrical : wherein are introduc\'d a great variety of instructive and delightful incidents, both in prose and verse ..."1741	"PreÌÅvost, abbeÌÅ,"	"The history of a fair Greek : who was taken out of a seraglio at Constantinople, and brought to Paris by a late embassador at the Ottoman port : interspersed with the surprising adventures of several other slaves / by Abbot Provost ..."1741	"Aulnoy,"	"The history of Hypolitus, earl of Douglas : with the secret history of Macbeth, king of Scotland : to which is added, The art of love, or   The amours of Count Schlick and a young lady of quality."1741	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : to which is added, An account of a battle between the antient and modern books in St. James\'s Library : also a Discourse concerning the mechanical operation of the spirit in a letter to a friend, a fragment."1741	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of Jonathan Swift, D.D, D.S.P.D. in eight volumes : Containing, I. His miscellanies in prose. II. His poetical writings. III. The travels of Capt. Lemuel Gulliver. IV. Papers relating to Ireland, and the Drapier\'s letters. V. The conduct of the allies, and the Examiners. VI. The publick spirit of the Whiggs, &c. with Polite conversation. VII. Letters to and from Dr. Swift. VIII: Directions to servants, sermons, poems, &c."1741	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of Jonathan Swift, D.D, D.S.P.D. in eight volumes : Containing, I. His miscellanies in prose. II. His poetical writings. III. The travels of Capt. Lemuel Gulliver. IV. Papers relating to Ireland, and the Drapier\'s letters. V. The conduct of the allies, and the Examiners. VI. The publick spirit of the Whiggs, &c. with Polite conversation. VII. Letters to and from Dr. Swift. VIII: Directions to servants, sermons, poems, &c."1741	"Kelly, John,"	Pamela\'s conduct in high life : publish\'d from her own original papers : to which are perfix\'d several curious letters written to the editor on the subject.1741	"Richardson, Samuel,"	"Pamela, or Virtue rewarded : in a series of familiar letters from a beautiful young damsel to her parents : now first published in order to cultivate the principles of virtue and religion in the youth of both sexes : a narrative which has its foundation in truth and nature, and at the same time that it agreeably entertains by a variety of curious and affecting incidents, is intirely divested of all those images which, in too many pieces calculated for amusement only, tend to inflame the minds they should instruct."1741	"Argens, Jean-Baptiste de Boyer,"	"Chinese letters. Being a philosophical, historical, and critical correspondence between a Chinese traveller at Paris, and his countrymen in China, Muscovy, Persia and Japan. Translated from the originals into French, by the Marquis d\'Argens, author of the Lettres juives, or Jewish spy; and now done into English."1741		"The Life and adventures of Mrs. Christian Davies, the British Amazon, commonly call\'d Mother Ross; who served as a foot-soldier and dragoon, in several campaigns, under King William and the late Duke of Marlborough ... : The whole taken from her own mouth, and known to be true by many noblemen, generals, and other officers, &c. mentioned in her life, and still living, who served in those wars at the same time, and were witnesses of her uncommon martial bravery."1741		"The History and adventures of Don Alphonso Blas de Lirias, son of Gil Blas of Santillane / translated from the Spanish original."1741	"Lyttelton, George Lyttelton,"	The court-secret : a melancholy truth : now first translated from the original Arabic / by an adept in the oriental tongues.1741	"Lambert de Saumery, Pierre,"	"The devil turn\'d hermit, or, The adventures of Astaroth banish\'d from hell : A satirical romance ... / Translated from the original French of Mr. de M * * *."1741	"Argens, Jean-Baptiste de Boyer,"	"Chinese letters. Being philosophical, historical, and critical correspondence between a Chinese traveller at Paris, and his countrymen in China, Muscovy, Persia and Japan. Translated from the originals into French, by the Marquis d\'Argens, author of the letters juives, or Jewish spy; and now done into English."1741	"Lyttelton, George Lyttelton,"	The court-secret : a melancholy truth : now first translated from the original Arabic / by an adept in the oriental tongues.1741		"The History and adventures of Don Alphonso Blas de Lirias, son of Gil Blas of Santillane / translated from the Spanish original."1742	"Lambert de Saumery, Pierre,"	The devil turn\'d hermit : or the adventures of Astaroth banish\'d from Hell : A satirical romance. ... Translated from the original French. Vol.II.1742	"Holberg, Ludvig,"	A journey to the world under-ground. By Nicholas Klimius [pseud.]  Translated from the original.1742	"Mouhy, Charles de Fieux,"	"The busy-body: or, Successful spy: being the entertaining history of Mons. Bigand, a man infinitely inquisitive and enterprising even to rashness ... [Tr. from the French]"1742	"Mouhy, Charles de Fieux,"	"The busy-body: or, Successful spy: being the entertaining history of Mons. Bigand, a man infinitely inquisitive and enterprising even to rashness ... [Tr. from the French]"1742	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	"The life and exploits of the ingenious gentleman Don Quixote de la Mancha. Translated from the original Spanish of Miguel Cervantes de Saavedra. By Charles Jarvis, esq. ..."1742		"The Silph\'s resentment, or The Numidian coquet : a satyrical novel : to which is added, Revenge a-la-mode, an heroi-comic tale."1742	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of the adventures of Joseph Andrews, and of his friend Mr. Abraham Adams : written in the manner of Cervantes, author of Don Quixote : in two volumes."1742		"The true anti-Pamela, or, Memoirs of Mr. James Parry, late organist of Ross in Herefordshire : in which are inserted his amours with the celebrated Miss ------ of Monmouthshire / written by himself; interspers\'d with many curious and entertaining love-letters which passed between them."1742	"Chansierges,"	"Grecian tales, or, The entertaining adventures of Neoptolemus, son  of Achilles / translated from the French."1742	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	"Two humorous novels : viz. I. A diverting dialogue between Scipio and Bergansa, two dogs belonging to the Hospital of the Resurrection, in the city of Valladolid, giving a account of their lives and various adventures, interspers\'d  with their reflexions and sentiments on the lives, characters, humours and employments of the different masters they liv\'d with. II. The comical history of Rinconete and Cortadillo / both written by the celebrated author of Don Quixote ; and now first translated from the Spanish original."1742	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	"Two humorous novels : viz. I. A diverting dialogue between Scipio and Bergansa, two dogs belonging to the Hospital of the Resurrection, in the city of Valladolid, giving a account of their lives and various adventures, interspers\'d  with their reflexions and sentiments on the lives, characters, humours and employments of the different masters they liv\'d with. II. The comical history of Rinconete and Cortadillo / both written by the celebrated author of Don Quixote ; and now first translated from the Spanish original."1742	"Swift, Jonathan,"	Miscellanies in prose and verse : Vol. VII by Dr. Swift.1742	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Miscellanies in four volumes / by Dr. Swift, Dr. Arbuthnot, Mr. Pope, and Mr. Gay."1742	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Miscellanies in four volumes / by Dr. Swift, Dr. Arbuthnot, Mr. Pope, and Mr. Gay."1742	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / by Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1742	"Quevedo, Francisco de,"	The comical works of Don Francisco de Quevedo / author of the Visions of hell ... ; translated from the Spanish.1742	"Lambert de Saumery, Pierre,"	The devil turn\'d hermit : or the adventures of Astaroth banish\'d from Hell : A satirical romance. ... Translated from the original French. Vol.II.1742	"Mouhy, Charles de Fieux,"	"The busy-body: or, Successful spy: being the entertaining history of Mons. Bigand, a man infinitely inquisitive and enterprising even to rashness ... [Tr. from the French]"1742	"Mouhy, Charles de Fieux,"	"The busy-body: or, Successful spy: being the entertaining history of Mons. Bigand, a man infinitely inquisitive and enterprising even to rashness ... [Tr. from the French]"1742	"Quevedo, Francisco de,"	The comical works of Don Francisco de Quevedo / author of the Visions of hell ... ; translated from the Spanish.1742	"Mouhy, Charles de Fieux,"	"The busy-body: or, Successful spy: being the entertaining history of Mons. Bigand, a man infinitely inquisitive and enterprising even to rashness ... [Tr. from the French]"1743		"Memoirs of the love and state-intrigues of the court of H------; from the marriage of the Princes of Z-----, to the tragical death of Count K-----k: a home-truth. Written originally in High-German, by the celebrated Countess of K-----k, sister to that unfortunate nobleman ..."1743	"Fielding, Henry,"	"Miscellanies / by Henry Fielding, Esq. : in three volumes."1743	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of the adventures of Joseph Andrews, and his friend Mr. Abraham Adams : written in imitation of the manner of Cervantes, author of Don Quixote / by Henry Fielding, Esquire ... : in two volumes."1743	"Annesley, James,"	Memoirs of an unfortunate young nobleman : return\'d from a thirteen years slavery in America where he had been sent by the wicked contrivances of his cruel uncle : a story founded on truth and address\'d equally to the head and heart.1743	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : to which is added, An account of a battle between the antient and modern books in St. James\'s Library."1743		"Memoirs of an unfortunate young nobleman, returned from a thirteen years slavery in America..."1743	"Gueullette, Thomas-Simon,"	"Mogul tales, or, The dreams of men awake : being stories told to divert the grief of the sultana\'s of Guzarat, for the supposed death of the Sultan / Written in French by the celebrated Mr. Guelletee ... now first translated into English."1744	"Fielding, Sarah,"	"The adventures of David Simple : containing an account of his travels through the cities of London and Westminster, in the search of a real friend / by a lady : in two volumes."1744	"Fielding, Sarah,"	"The adventures of David Simple : containing an account of his travels through the cities of London and Westminster, in the search of a real friend / by a lady : in two volumes."1744	"Fielding, Sarah,"	"The adventures of David Simple : containing an account of his travels through the cities of London and Westminster, in the search of a real friend / by a lady : in two volumes."1744		"The Lady\'s drawing room : being a faithfull picture of the great world : in which the various humours of both sexes are display\'d, drawn from the life and interspers\'d with entertaining and affecting novels."1744	"Fielding, Sarah,"	"The adventures of David Simple : containing an account of his travels through the cities of London and Westminster, in the search of a real friend / by a lady ; in two volumes."1744	"Fielding, Sarah,"	"The adventures of David Simple : containing an account of his travels through the cities of London and Westminster, in the search of a real friend / by a lady ; in two volumes."1744	"Erskine,"	"The travels and adventures of Mademoiselle de Richelieu : cousin to the present duke of that name, who made the tour of Europe dressed in men\'s clothes attended by her maid Lucy as her valet de chambre / now done into English from the lady\'s own manuscript by the translator of the Memoirs and adventures of the Marques of Bretagne and Duke of Harcourt."1744	"Collyer, Mary,"	"Felicia to Charlotte : being letters from a young lady in the country to her friend in town, containing a series of the most interesting events interspersed with moral reflections, chiefly tending to prove that the seeds of vitue are implanted in the mind of every reasonable being."1744	"Sedgewick, O."	"Miscellaneous amusements for the year MDCCXLIV, or, The world turn\'d inside out : being reflections on men, manners and opinions, adapted to the present times / by the Author of a late well-receiv\'d pamphlet."1744		"The history of John Bull : Part III : containing, among many other curious particulars, a faithful narrative of the most secret and important transactions of the worshipful and ancient family of the Bulls, from August 1, 1714 to June 11, 1727: Publish\'d from the manuscripts of that learned and celebrated biographer, the late Sir Humphry Polesworth, author of the first and second parts of this work, publish\'d in 1712 / By Nathan Polesworth, Sir Humphry\'s nephew and sole executor."1744	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of Jonathan Swift, D. D., D. S. P. D. in eight volumes : Containing I. His miscellanies in prose. II. His poetical writings. III. The travels of Captain Lemuel Gulliver. IV. Papers relating to Ireland, and the drapier\'s letters. V. The conduct of the allies, and The examiners. VI. The publick spirit of the Whigs, &c. with Polite conversation. VII. Letters to and from Dr. Swift. VIII. Directions to servants, sermons, poems, &c."1744	"Busbecq, Ogier Ghislain de,"	"Travels into Turkey : containing the most accurate account of the Turks, and neighbouring nations, their manners, customs, religion, superstition, policy, riches, coins, &c. : The whole being a series of remarkable observations and events, interspers\'d with great variety of entertaining incidents, never before printed / Translated from the original Latin of the learned A. G. Busbequius ; With memoirs of the life of the illustrious author."1744	"Gomez,"	"The memoirs of the Baron Du Tan : To which is added The Calabrian, or, The history of Charles Brachy, and The hermit / Translated from the French of Madame de Gomez ... By a gentleman ..."1745	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"The fortunate foundlings : being the genuine history of Colonel M----rs, and his sister Madam du P---y, the issue of the Hon. Ch---es M----rs, son of the late Duke of R--l--d : containing many wonderful accidents that befel them in their travels, and interspersed with the characters and adventures of several persons of condition, in the most polite courts of Europe : the whole calculated for the entertainment and improvement of the youth of both sexes."1745	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"The fortunate foundlings : being the genuine history of Colonel M----rs, and his sister Madam du P---y, the issue of the Hon. Ch---es M----rs, son of the late Duke of R--l--d : containing many wonderful accidents that befel them in their travels, and interspersed with the characters and adventures of several persons of condition, in the most polite courts of Europe : the whole calculated for the entertainment and improvement of the youth of both sexes."1745		"Leonora, or Characters drawn from real life : containing a great variety of incidents interspers\'d with reflections moral and entertaining : in two volumes."1745	"Gomez,"	Select novels / translated from the French of Madame de Gomez ... ; never before published.1745	"Kirkby, John,"	"The capacity and extent of the human understanding : exemplified in the extraordinary case of Automathes, a young nobleman who was accidentally left in his infancy upon a desolate island and continued nineteen years in that solitary state, separate from all human society : a narrative abounding with many surprizing occurrences both useful and entertaining to the reader."1745	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	Persiles and Sigismunda : a celebrated novel : intermix\'d with a great variety of delightful histories and entertaining adventures / written in Spanish by Michael de Cervantes Saavadera ... translated into English from the original.1745		"An Authentic copy of the last will and testament of the Reverend Dr. Swift,  Dean of St. Patrick\'s, Dublin : To which is added some explanatory notes, by the publisher."1745	"Drummond, John,"	"The remarkable affecting case and dying works of Mr. Archibald Oswald : an ensign in the young Pretender\'s service, who received three musquet-shot in his left thigh, in the engagement of Preston-pans, and expired six days of his wounds / published at his dying request by the Rev. Mr. John Drummond of Bellzie-Hills, who attended the unfortunate gentleman in his last hours."1746		"Alexis; or, The young adventurer. A novel ..."1746	"Kirkby, John,"	"The capacity and extent of the human understanding : exemplified in the extraordinary case of Automathes, a young nobleman who was accidentally left in his infancy upon a desolate island and continued nineteen years in that solitary state separate from all human society : a narrative abounding with many surprizing occurrences both useful and entertaining to the reader."1746		"The adventures and amours of the Marquis de Noailles, and Mademoiselle Tencin. Tr. from a French manuscript ..."1746	"Arbuthnot, Archibald."	"The life, adventures, and many and great vicissitudes of fortune of Simon, Lord Lovat, the head of the family of Frasers : from his birth at Beaufort, near Inverness, in the highlands of Scotland, in 1668, to the time of his being taken by Capt. Millar, after three days search, in a hollow tree, on the coasts of Knoidart and Arisaig / by the Rev. Archibald Arbuthnot ..."1746	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"Secret histories, novels, and poems : in four volumes / written by Mrs. Eliza Haywood."1746	"Griffiths, Ralph,"	"Ascanius; or, The young adventurer, a true history. Translated from a manuscript privately handed about at the Court of Versailles. Containing a particular account of all that happen\'d to a certain person during his wanderings in the north, from ... August, 1745, to his final escape, on September 19, in the following year. The whole introduced with a more critical and candid history of the rise, progress, and extinction of the late rebellion, than any yet publish\'d ..."1746	"McCarthy, Charlotte,"	"The fair moralist, or, Love and virtue : a novel  / by Charlotte McCarthy ; to which is added The author\'s observations, or, A looking-glass for the fair sex, also several additional poems never before publish\'d."1746		"Memoirs of the lives and families of the Lords Kilmarnock, Cromartie, and Balmerino : To which are added a faithful narrative of the proceedings against them : the genuine speeches of the Lords Kilmarnock and Cromertie : and an exact account of the behaviour of the Lords Kilmarnock and Balmerino, at the time of their execution."1746	Tom Thumb.	"The travels of Tom Thumb over England and Wales : containing descriptions of whatever is most remarkable in the several counties : interspersed with many pleasant adventures that happened to him personally during the course of his journey / written by himself, and adorned with a suitable map."1746	"Hampton, James"	Reflections on ancient and modern history.1747	"Fielding, Sarah,"	"Familiar letters between the characters in David Simple, and some others : to which is added, A vision / by the author of David Simple ; in two volumes."1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : to which is added, An account of a battle between the antient and modern books in St. James\'s Library."1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : to which is added, An account of a battle between the antient and modern books in St. James\'s Library."1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : to which is added, An account of a battle between the antient and modern books in St. James\'s Library."1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : to which is added, An account of a battle between the antient and modern books in St. James\'s Library."1747	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	The life and exploits of the ingenious gentleman Don Quixote de la Mancha / translated from the original Spanish of Miguel Cervantes de Saavedra by Charles Jarvis.1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Miscellanies : In four volumes / by Dr. Swift, Dr. Arbuthnot, Mr. Pope, and Mr. Gay."1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Miscellanies : In four volumes / by Dr. Swift, Dr. Arbuthnot, Mr. Pope, and Mr. Gay."1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Miscellanies : In four volumes / by Dr. Swift, Dr. Arbuthnot, Mr. Pope, and Mr. Gay."1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / by Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / by Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1747	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / by Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1748	"Richardson, Samuel,"	"Clarissa, or, The history of a young lady : comprehending the most important concerns of private life : and particularly shewing, the distresses that may attend the misconduct both of parents and children, in relation to marriage / published by the editor of Pamela."1748	"Richardson, Samuel,"	"Clarissa, or, The history of a young lady : comprehending the most important concerns of private life : and particularly shewing, the distresses that may attend the misconduct both of parents and children, in relation to marriage / published by the editor of Pamela."1748	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"Life\'s progress through the passions, or, The adventures of Natura / By the author of The fortunate foundlings."1748	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"Life\'s progress through the passions, or, The adventures of Natura / By the author of The fortunate foundlings."1748		"The Unfortunate concubines : the history of Fair Rosamond, mistress to Henry II, and Jane Shore, concubine to Edward IV, Kings of England : shewing how they came to be so : with their lives, remarkable actions, and unhappy ends / extracted from eminent records, and the whole illustrated with cuts suitable to each subject."1748	"Smollett, Tobias George,"	The adventures of Roderick Random : in two volumes.1748	"Smollett, Tobias George,"	The adventures of Roderick Random.1748	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1749	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of Tom Jones, a foundling : in six volumes / By Henry Fielding, Esq."1749	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of Tom Jones, a foundling : in six volumes. By Henry Fielding, Esq."1749	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of Tom Jones, a foundling : in six volumes / By Henry Fielding, Esq."1749	"Fielding, Sarah,"	"The governess : or, Little female academy. Being the history of Mrs. Teachum, and her nine girls : with their nine days amusement : calculated for the entertainment and instruction of young ladies in their education / by the author of David Simple."1749		"Dalinda, or The double marriage : being the genuine history of a very recent and interesting adventure : addressed to all the young and gay of both sexes."1749		"The History of the human heart, or The adventures of a young gentleman."1749		"The History of Charlotte Summers, the fortunate parish girl ... : in two volumes."1749	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of Tom Jones, a foundling : In four volumes / by Henry Fielding, Esq."1750	"Orrery, Roger Boyle,"	"Royal adventures : being the amorous history of King Henry the Eighth, and his court, &c. / wrote by a party in his pleasures, and now publish\'d from the original papers by a person of quality ..."1750	A. F.	"A trip to the Jubilee / by a Gentleman that was at the late grand one at Rome ; containing a diverting account of the most remarkable occurrences in his travels thro\' France, Milan, Venice, Florence, &c. till his arrival at Rome ; also, a description of the religious processions and ceremonies us\'d in their churches, streets, and woods ... ; likewise, the debauch\'d lives and intrigues of the lustful priests and nuns ... ; with an account of the fallacy made use of in the opening the holy gate of St. Peter\'s Church, and a pleasant description of the whole ceremony of the Grand Jubilee at Rome."1750		"A Complete history of James Maclean : the gentleman highwayman, who was executed at Tyburn, on Wednesday, October 3, 1750 for robbery on the highway : containing the particulars of his life, from his birth to his death : in which is included an account of the robberies he commited with his companion Plunket : and a series of letters, that pass\'d between him and Plunket, as well during the time he was in Holland, as in England, in which are open some extraordinary scenes : also, the particulars of their fortune-hunting schemes, in which Maclean generally pass\'d for a gentleman of worth, and Plunket personated his footman : likewise a number of original letters sent to Maclean by different ladies, some of which contain narratives of facts so exceeding tender, as must raise pity and compassion in the breast of every reader / the whole adorn\'d with a very neat picture of Maclean, taken from the life, while under sentence, drawn and engrav\'d by Mr. Boitard."1750		"Memoirs of the Bashaw Count Bonneval, from his birth to his death : shewing the motives which induced him to quit the service and dominions of France, his entrance into and sudden rise in the imperial armies, his exploits in Italy, Hungary, &c., his quarrel with the Marquis de Prie and its consequences, the true cause of his disgrace at the court of Vienna, and the reasons which occasioned him to seek an azylum amongst the Turks, with his various fortunes while in the service of the Porte : interspersed throughout with an entertaining diversity of secret intrigues, amorous adventures, military and political achievements : being in effect the secret history of Europe for the best part of the current century / written by himself and collected from his papers."1750	"Fagnan, Marie-Antoinette,"	Kanor : a tale translated from the savage.1750	"Rowe, Elizabeth Singer,"	"Friendship in death : in twenty letters from the dead to the    living : to which are added, Letters moral and entertaining, in prose and verse / by Mrs. Elizabeth Rowe."1750		"The nominal husband, or, Distress\'d innocence : a true secret history, taken from an old Saxon manuscript, found among the papers of a late noble antiquarian, modernized for the service of the youth of both sexes."1750	"Green, George Smith,"	"The life of Mr. John Van, a clergyman\'s son, of Woody, in Hampshire : being a series of many extraordinary events, and surprizing vicissitudes : in which are shewn, among a great number of singular and merry occurences, his entrance into the army as a trooper : his bravery against the rebels : his marriage with an heiress of eight hundred pounds a year, at St. Ive\'s in Huntingdonshire : his conduct in high life : his favours from fortune and reduction to poverty / written by G.S. Green."1750	"Kimber, Edward,"	The life and adventures of Joe Thompson : a narrative founded on fact / written by Himself : in two volumes.1750		"The History of Tom Jones the foundling, in his married state."1750	"Scott, Sarah,"	The history of Cornelia.1750		"The History of Charlotte Summers, the fortunate parish girl ... : in two volumes."1750		The Adventures of Mr. Loveill : interspers\'d with many real amours of the modern polite world.1750		The Adventures of Mr. Loveill : interspers\'d with many real amours of the modern polite world.1750	"Le Noble, Eustache,"	"Pure love : a novel : being the history of the Princess Zulima, the beautiful daughter of the Sultan of Egypt ... / translated from the French of Monsieur le Noble."1750	"Rabelais, FrancÌ§ois,"	"The works of Francis Rabelais, M.D. / Formerly translated by Sir Thomas Urquart, M.D. and explained by Mr. Motteux ; since carefully revised, and compared throughout with M. le Du Chat\'s edition, by Mr. Ozell, who has likewise added, at the bottom of the pages, a translation of the notes, historical, critical and explanatory, of the said M. le Du Chat, and others ; in which notes, the text is not only explained, but, in multitudes of places, amended, and made conformable to the first and best editions of this learned and facetious author."1750	"Bannac, Adolphus"	"The fortunate villager, or, Memoirs of Sir Andrew Thompson : in two volumes."1750	"Rowe, Elizabeth Singer, "	"Friendship in death : in twenty letters from the dead to the living : to which are added, Letters moral and entertaining, in prose and verse / by Mrs. Elizabeth Rowe."1750	"Rowe, Elizabeth Singer, "	"Friendship in death : in twenty letters from the dead to the living : to which are added, Letters moral and entertaining, in prose and verse / by Mrs. Elizabeth Rowe."1750	"Fielding, Sarah,"	The history of Ophelia / published by the author of David Simple : in two volumes.1750	"Marivaux, Pierre Carlet de Chamblain de,"	"Pharsamond: or, The new knight-errant. In which is introduced the story of the fair anchoret, with that of Tarmiana and her unfortunate daughter. Written originally in French, by Monsieur de Marivaux ... Tr. by Mr. Lockman ..."1751	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1751	"Swift, Jonathan "	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts  / By Lemuel Gulliver first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1751	"Swift, Jonathan"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1751	"Swift, Jonathan"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1751	"Swift, Jonathan"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1751		"Constantia, or, A true picture of human life represented in fifteen evening conversations after the manner of Boccace : in two volumes : to which is prefixed, a short discourse on novel writing."1751	"Paltock, Robert, "	"Memoirs of the life of Parnese, a Spanish lady of vast fortune : written by herself : shewing the irresistable force of education : with a true account of the hardships she suffered, in man\'s apparel, for eight years in different countries in the prosecution of a virtuous amour with Rockbartez, her escape from slavery with Sarpeta, her master\'s daughter, their flight into Persia, her accidental marriage there to Rockbartez, and return : interspersed with the story of Beaumont and Sarpeta / translated from the Spanish manuscript by R.P., gent."1751	"La Solle, Henri-FranÃ§ois de, "	"Memoirs of a man of pleasure,  or The adventures of Versorand."1751	"Cleland, John, "	Memoirs of a Coxcomb.1751	"La Solle, Henri-FranÃ§ois de, "	"Memoirs of a man of pleasure :  or The adventures of Versorand.  v.1, v. 2."1751	"CrÃ©billon, Claude-Prosper Jolyot de, "	"The wanderings of the heart and mind, or, the memoirs of Mr. de Meilcour translated from the French of Mr. de Crebillon the son."1751		"Constantia, or, A true picture of human life represented in fifteen evening conversations after the manner of Boccace : in two volumes : to which is prefixed, a short discourse on novel writing."1751	"Paltock, Robert, "	"Memoirs of the life of Parnese, a Spanish lady of vast fortune : written by herself : shewing the irresistable force of education : with a true account of the hardships she suffered, in man\'s apparel, for eight years in different countries in the prosecution of a virtuous amour with Rockbartez, her escape from slavery with Sarpeta, her master\'s daughter, their flight into Persia, her accidental marriage there to Rockbartez, and return : interspersed with the story of Beaumont and Sarpeta / translated from the Spanish manuscript by R.P., gent."1751	"La Solle, Henri-FranÃ§ois de, "	"Memoirs of a man of pleasure,  or The adventures of Versorand."1751	"Cleland, John, "	Memoirs of a Coxcomb.1751	"La Solle, Henri-FranÃ§ois de, "	"Memoirs of a man of pleasure :  or The adventures of Versorand.  v.1, v. 2."1751	"CrÃ©billon, Claude-Prosper Jolyot de, "	"The wanderings of the heart and mind, or, the memoirs of Mr. de Meilcour translated from the French of Mr. de Crebillon the son."1751	"Curli, de"	"The life and amours of Owen Tideric, Prince of Wales, otherwise Owen Tudor  who married Catharine, Princess of France and widow of our great King Henry V, from which marriage descended Henry VII, Henry VIII, Edward VI, Queen Mary, and Queen Elizabeth, all of whom had from him the surname Tudor : and from him likewise are descended, by the eldest daughter of Henry VII, the present royal family of Great Britain, France and Ireland : first wrote in French and published many years since at Paris, and now translated into English."1751	"Aunillon, Pierre-Charles-Fabiot"	"The force of education. Illustrated in the memoirs of Mademoiselle de St. Eugene, and the Baron de Cromstad. Translated from the French of Monsieur de V-----."1751	"Smollett, T."	"The adventures of Peregrine Pickle. : In which are included, Memoirs of a lady of quality. In four volumes."1751	"Hill, John,"	"The adventures of Mr. George Edwards, a creole."1751	"Mainvilliers, Genu-Soalhat,"	"The beau-philosopher, or, The history of the Chevalier de Mainvillers : translated from the French original."1751	"Coventry, Francis,"	"The history of Pompey the Little, or The life and adventures of a lap-dog."1751	"Coventry, Francis,"	"The history of Pompey the Little, or, The life and adventures of a lap-dog."1751	"Hill, John,"	"The history of a woman of quality, or, The adventures of Lady Frail / by an impartial hand."1751	"Coventry, Francis,"	"The history of Pompey the Little, or, The life and adventures of a lap-dog."1751	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	The history of Miss Betsy Thoughtless : in four volumes.1752	"Kimber, Edward"	"The juvenile adventures of David Ranger, esq. : from an original manuscript found in the collections of a late noble lord."1752	"Swift, Jonathan"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1752		"The prater By Nicholas Babble, esq."1752	"Goodall, William."	"The adventures of Capt. Greenland: written in imitation of all those wise, learned, witty, and humorous authors, who either already have, or hereafter may write in the same stile and manner."1752		"Clio, or, A secret history of the life and amours of the late celebrated Mrs. S---n---m / written by herself in a letter to Hillarius."1752	"Fielding, Sarah, "	"Familiar letters between the principal characters in David Simple and some others  being a sequel to his adventures : to which is added, A vision / by the author of David Simple."1752	"Chaigneau, William, "	The history of Jack Connor.1752		"Memoirs of the life and actions of Charles Osborn, Esq., natural son of the E--l of A------e containing an account of his polite education, his loss of a vast estate left him by his father, his distress, till relieved by an unknown lady, by whom he had seven children before he ever saw her, his extravagancies, his eight several marriages, his intrigues, his turning priest, with the vast fluctuation of his fortune, till resolving to live soberly, he not only married the unknown lady, but became possessed of the great estate he had lost, and made restitution / written by himself in the decline of life."1752	"Goodall, William."	"The adventures of Capt. Greenland: written in imitation of all those wise, learned, witty, and humorous authors, who either already have, or hereafter may write in the same stile and manner."1752		"Clio, or, A secret history of the life and amours of the late celebrated Mrs. S---n---m / written by herself in a letter to Hillarius."1752	"Fielding, Sarah, "	"Familiar letters between the principal characters in David Simple and some others  being a sequel to his adventures : to which is added, A vision / by the author of David Simple."1752	"Chaigneau, William, "	The history of Jack Connor.1752		"Memoirs of the life and actions of Charles Osborn, Esq., natural son of the E--l of A------e containing an account of his polite education, his loss of a vast estate left him by his father, his distress, till relieved by an unknown lady, by whom he had seven children before he ever saw her, his extravagancies, his eight several marriages, his intrigues, his turning priest, with the vast fluctuation of his fortune, till resolving to live soberly, he not only married the unknown lady, but became possessed of the great estate he had lost, and made restitution / written by himself in the decline of life."1752	"Coventry, Francis, "	"The History of Pompey the Little,  or, The life and adventures of a lap-dog."1752		"A genuine account of the life and transactions of Howell ap David Price, gentleman of Wales : Exhibiting a series of most remarkable occurrences during his seven years travels abroad : five of which were spent with a lady he had released from slavery : with farther particulars since his return with her to England / written by himself."1752	"Davys, Mary, "	"The reform\'d coquet, or Memoirs of Amoranda: a novel  By Mrs. Davys"1752	"Lennox, Charlotte "	"The female Quixote; or, the adventures of Arabella."1752	"Lennox, Charlotte "	"The female quixote Or, the adventures of arabella. In two volumes"1752	"Leaf, Jeremy"	Worldly Compliances.1752	"Mozeen, Thomas, "	Young Scarron.1752	"Fielding, Henry,"	Amelia.1753	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler"	The history of Jemmy and Jenny Jessamy: In three volumes By the author of The History of Betsy Thoughtless1753	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler"	The history of Jemmy and Jenny Jessamy: In three volumes By the author of The History of Betsy Thoughtless1753		"Modern characters : illustrated by histories in real life, and address\'d to the polite world."1753	"R. P.,"	"Virtue triumphant, and pride abased : in the humorous history of Dickey Gotham and Doll Clod : digested from antient tractates, and the records of those memorable families, now extant at Addle Hall, in Nottinghamshire / by R. P. Biographer."1753		"The Travels and adventures of William Bingfield, Esq. : containing, as surprizing a fluctuation of circumstances, both by sea and land, as ever befel one man : with an accurate account of the shape, nature, and properties of that most furious, and amazing animal, the dog-bird : printed from his own manuscript : with a beautiful frontispiece."1753		"The travels of Zoraster, King of the Bactrians : composed chiefly for the instruction of a young prince."1753	"Fielding, Sarah,"	The history of Betty Barnes : in two volumes.1753	"Smollet, T. (Tobias), "	The adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom  By the author of Roderick Random ; In two volumes.1753	"Smollett, T. (Tobias), "	The adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom  By the author of Roderick Random ; In two volumes.1753	"Fielding, Sarah, "	"The adventures of David Simple, volume the last  in which his history is concluded."1753		The History of Fanny Seymour.1753	"Wollaston, George"	The life and history of a pilgrim : a narrative founded on fact / by George Wollaston.1753	"Wollaston, George"	The life and history of a pilgrim  by G--- W----.1753	"Fielding, Sarah, "	The history of Betty Barnes  in two volumes.1753		"Letters from Julia, the daughter of Augustus, to Ovid. A manuscript discovered at Herculaneum. Translated from a copy of the original. To which is annexed, The lady and the sylph. A visionary tale."1753		The Memoirs of Fidelio and Harriot wherein the contrast between virtue and vice is fully exhibited from a real fact transacted in the year 1720 : preserved in the original manuscript of Mrs. Harvey.1753	"Smollet, T. (Tobias), "	The adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom  By the author of Roderick Random ; In two volumes.1753	"Smollett, T. (Tobias), "	The adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom  By the author of Roderick Random ; In two volumes.1753	"Fielding, Sarah, "	"The adventures of David Simple, volume the last  in which his history is concluded."1753		The History of Fanny Seymour.1753	"Wollaston, George"	The life and history of a pilgrim : a narrative founded on fact / by George Wollaston.1753	"Wollaston, George"	The life and history of a pilgrim  by G--- W----.1753	"Fielding, Sarah, "	The history of Betty Barnes  in two volumes.1753		"Letters from Julia, the daughter of Augustus, to Ovid. A manuscript discovered at Herculaneum. Translated from a copy of the original. To which is annexed, The lady and the sylph. A visionary tale."1753		The Memoirs of Fidelio and Harriot wherein the contrast between virtue and vice is fully exhibited from a real fact transacted in the year 1720 : preserved in the original manuscript of Mrs. Harvey.1753	"""""Smythies, Miss."""	The stage-coach:1753	"Smythies, Miss. "	"The stage-coach: containing the character of Mr. Manly, and the history of his fellow-travellers ..."1754	"Fielding, Sarah"	The cry : a new dramatic fable : in two volumes.1754	"King, William"	The dreamer.1754	"King, William,"	The dreamer.1754	"Slade, John, "	The adventures of Jerry Buck / by Mr. John Slade.1754	"Slade, John"	The adventures of Jerry Buck / By Mr. John Slade1754	"Slade, John"	The adventures of Jerry Buck / By Mr. John Slade.1754	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The life of Mr. Jonathan Wild the great ... /  by Henry Fielding, Esq;"1754	Leprince de Beaumont	The history of a young lady of distinction : in a series of letters : in two volumes.1754	"Defoe, Daniel,"	"The history of the great plague in London, in the year 1665 : Containing observations and memorials of the most remarkable occurrences both public and private, that happened during that dreadful period / by a citizen, who lived the whole time in London ; To which is added, A journal of the plague at Marseilles, in the year 1720."1754	Smythies	The history of Lucy Wellers. Written by a lady.1754	"Shebbeare, John"	"The marriage act : a novel, in which the ruin of female honour, the contempt of the clergy, the destruction of private and public liberty, with other fatal consequences are considered : in a series of interesting adventures."1754	"Kimber, Edward,"	The history of the life and adventures of Mr. Anderson :  containing his strange varieties of fortune in Europe and America : compiled from his own papers.1754	"Gardiner, Richard,"	"The history of Pudica, a lady of N-rf-lk :  with an account of her five lovers, viz. Dick Merryfellow, Count Antiquary, young \'Squire Fog, of Dumplin-Hall, Jack Shadwell, of the Lodge, and Miles Dinglebob, of Popgun-hall, Esq. : together with Miss Pudica\'s sense of the word eclaircissement, and an epithalamium on her nuptials, by Tom Tenor, Clerk of the Parish, to the tune of, Green grow the rushes o\' / by William Honeycomb, Esq."1754		"The Temple beau, or the town coquets: a novel"1754		"Admonitions from the dead : in epistles to the living, addressed by certain spirits of both sexes, to their friends or enemies on earth, with a view either to condemn or justify their conduct while alive, and to promote the cause of religion and moral virtue."1754	"La Place, Pierre Antoine de,"	"Agreeable ugliness, or, The triumph of the graces :  exemplified in the real life and fortunes of a young lady of some distinction."1754	"Le Camus, Antoine,"	"Abdeker, or, The art of preserving beauty :  translated from an Arabic manuscript."1754	"Le Camus, Antoine,"	"Abdeker, or, The art of preserving beauty :  translated from an Arabic manuscript."1754	"Richardson, Samuel,"	The history of Sir Charles Grandison : in a series of letters published from the originals / by the editor of Pamela and Clarissa : in seven volumes.1755		"Fanny, or, The amours of a West-country young lady : contained in a series of genuine letters : interspersed with some entertaining particulars during her travels abroad : in two volumes."1755	"Morris, Drake."	"The travels of Mr. Drake Morris, merchant in London : containing his sufferings and distresses in several voyages at sea / written by himself."1755		The history and adventures of Frank Hammond.1755	"Marivaux, Pierre Carlet de Chamblain de,"	"The life, misfortunes and adventures of Indiana, the virtuous orphan / written by herself : illustrated with several copper plates."1755	"Shebbeare, John"	"Lydia, or, Filial piety : a novel / by the author of The marriage-act, a novel, and Letters on the English nation."1755	"Shebbeare, John"	"Lydia, or Filial piety: A novel / By the author of The marriage-act, a novel, and Letters on the English nation."1755		"The History of Polly Willis, an orphan."1755	"Victor, Benjamin"	The widow of the wood1755	"Victor, Benjamin,"	The widow of the wood.1755	"Kidgell,(John),"	The card.1755	"Kidgell, John"	The card ...1755	"Kidgell, John"	The card...1755	"Charke, Charlotte,"	"A narrative of the life of Mrs. Charlotte Charke, (youngest daughter of Colley Cibber, esq.) ... /  written by herself."1755	"Charke, Charlotte"	"A narrative of the life of Mrs. Charlotte Charke, (youngest daughter of Colley Cibber, esq.) ... / written by herself."1755	"Collet, John."	"Chit-chat, or, Natural characters, and the manners of real life : represented in a series of interesting adventures."1755	"Swift, Jonathan"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world / By Lemuel Gulliver first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships..."1755	"Swift, Jonathan"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world / By Lemuel Gulliver first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships..."1756		"The Life and memoirs of Mr. Ephraim Tristram Bates, commonly called Corporal Bates, a broken hearted soldier : who, from a private centinel in the guards, was, from his merits, advanced, regularly, to be corporal serjeant, and pay-master serjeant, and had he lived a few days longer, might have died a commission-officer, to the great loss of his lamentable lady, whose marriage he had intended to declare as soon as his commission was signed, and who, to make up for the loss of so dear an husband, and her pension, which then no Duke on earth could have hindered, in order to put bread in the mouths of seven small children, the youngest now at her breast, the sweet creatures being two twins, publishes these memoirs from the original papers, sealed up with the seal of dear Mr. Bates, and found, exactly as he mentioned in his last will and testament, in an oven, never used, where, in his life time, he secreted many state papers, &c. &c. &c."1756		"The Life and memoirs of Mr. Ephraim Tristram Bates, commonly called Corporal Bates, a broken hearted soldier : who, from a private centinel in the guards, was, from his merits, advanced, regularly, to be corporal serjeant, and pay-master serjeant, and had he lived a few days longer, might have died a commission-officer, to the great loss of his lamentable lady, whose marriage he had intended to declare as soon as his commission was signed, and who, to make up for the loss of so dear an husband, and her pension, which then no Duke on earth could have hindered, in order to put bread in the mouths of seven small children, the youngest now at her breast, the sweet creatures being two twins, publishes these memoirs from the original papers, sealed up with the seal of dear Mr. Bates, and found, exactly as he mentioned in his last will and testament, in an oven, never used, where, in his life time, he secreted many state papers, &c. &c. &c."1756		"The Life and memoirs of Mr. Ephraim Tristram Bates, commonly called Corporal Bates, a broken hearted soldier : who, from a private centinel in the guards, was, from his merits, advanced, regularly, to be corporal serjeant, and pay-master serjeant, and had he lived a few days longer, might have died a commission-officer, to the great loss of his lamentable lady, whose marriage he had intended to declare as soon as his commission was signed, and who, to make up for the loss of so dear an husband, and her pension, which then no Duke on earth could have hindered, in order to put bread in the mouths of seven small children, the youngest now at her breast, the sweet creatures being two twins, publishes these memoirs from the original papers, sealed up with the seal of dear Mr. Bates, and found, exactly as he mentioned in his last will and testament, in an oven, never used, where, in his life time, he secreted many state papers, &c. &c. &c."1756	Author of Emily.	"Emily, or, The history of a natural daughter :  in two volumes."1756		The Memoirs of Fidelio and Harriot : wherein the contrast between virtue and vice is fully exhibited from a real fact transacted in the year 1720.1756	"Charke, Charlotte,"	"The history of Henry Dumont, Esq., and Miss Charlotte Evelyn : consisting of variety of entertaining characters, and very interesting subjects : with some critical remarks on comick actors /  by Mrs Charke."1756		"The history of my own life : Being an account of many of the severest trials imposed by an implacable father, upon the most affectionate pair that ever entered the marriage state."1756	"Amory, Thomas,"	"The life of John Buncle, esq. : containing various observations and reflections, made in several parts of the world; and many extraordinary relations."1756	"Kelly, John"	"The memoirs of the life of John Medley, Esq., or, Fortune reconcil\'d to merit / by the author of Pamela\'s conduct in high life. The memoirs of the life of John Medley, Esq; or, fortune reconcil\'d to merit. By the author of Pamela\'s conduct in high life. Vol. I.  Letter-press Full Volume v.1"1756		"The  memoirs of a young lady of quality, a platonist."1756		"The  memoirs of a young lady of quality, a platonist."1756	"Tessin, Carl Gustaf"	"Letters from an old man to a young prince, with the answers Translated from the Swedish ; to which are prefixed those of Her present Majesty to her son, with the translations : in two volumes."1756		"Memoirs of an Oxford scholar :  containing his amour with the beauriful Miss L-, of Essex, and interspers\'d with several entertaining incidents /  written by Himself"1756	"Mukins, Isaac,"	"The history of Charlotte Villars : a narrative founded on truth, interspersed with a variety of incidents, instructive and entertaining."1757	"Fielding, Sarah"	The lives of Cleopatra and Octavia by the author of David Simple.1757	"Fielding, Sarah"	The lives of Cleopatra and Octavia  by the author of David Simple.1757	"Long, Edward,"	"The anti-Gallican, or, The history and adventures of Harry Cobham, Esquire."1757		The History of Sir Roger and his son Joe: in two volumes1757	"Freeman, William"	Letters on several occasions / by the late Sir William Freeman; To which some account of the author is prefixed.1757		The History of Sir Roger and his son Joe : in two volumes.1758	"Fielding, Sarah,"	The lives of Cleopatra and Octavia / by the author of David Simple.1758	"Fielding, Sarah,"	The lives of Cleopatra and Octavia / by the author of David Simple.1758		"The Cloister, or, The amours of Sainfroid, a Jesuit, and Eulalia, a nun / Translated from the French."1758	"Mouhy, Charles de Fieux,"	The fortunate country maid. Being the entertaining memoirs of the present celebrated Marchioness of L--- V--- ... From the French of the Chevalier de Mouhy ...1758	"Caraccioli, Charles"	"Chiron, or, The mental optician"1758	"Lennox, Charlotte,"	Henrietta / by the author of The female Quixote : in two volumes.1758	"Mouhy, Charles de Fieux,"	The fortunate country maid. Being the entertaining memoirs of the present celebrated Marchioness of L--- V--- ... From the French of the Chevalier de Mouhy ...1759	Gentleman of Oxford.	"The devil upon crutches in England, or, Night-scenes in London : a satirical work ; written upon the plan of the celebrated Diable boiteux of monsieur Le Sage... / by a gentleman of Oxford."1759		"The Theatre of love :  a collection of novels, (none of which were ever printed before)."1759		"Court intrigues, or The secret history of Ardelisa : a story founded on facts, and illustrated with anecdotes of persons in real life."1759		1759		"The heroick princes, or, The conscious lovers ... : with eight curious copper plates."1759	"Johnson, Samuel,"	The prince of Abissinia. : A tale.  In two volumes ...1759	"Fielding, Sarah,"	The history of the Countess of Dellwyn : in two volumes / by the author of David Simple.1759	"Hurd, Richard,"	"Moral and political dialogues: being the substance of several conversations between divers eminent persons of the past and present age; digested by the parties themselves, and now first published from the original mss. with critical and explanatory notes by the editor .."1759		"Injured innocence : a narrative founded on fact, interspersed with a variety of incidents instructive and entertaining."1759	"Tessin, Carl Gustaf,"	Letters from an old man to a young prince : with the answers / translated from the Swedish ; to which are prefixed those of Her present Majesty to her son.1759		"London courtship, or, A new road to matrimony : consisting of original letters which passed between a celebrated young lady of the City of London and several of her suitors."1759	"Gueullette, Thomas-Simon,"	"Tartarian tales, or, A thousand and one quarters of hours / Written in French...by...Mr. Guelletee...The whole now for the first time       translated into English, by Thomas Flloyd."1759	Lady.	Jemima and Louisa : in which is contain\'d several remarkable incidents relating to two ladies of distinguish\'d families and fortunes : in a series of letters / by a lady.1759	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1759	"Lewis, R."	"The adventures of a rake, in the character of a public orator : interspersed with several serious and comic pieces, pronounced before some polite audiences with great applause, and published at their request : in two volumes / by R. Lewis."1759		"The Gentleman and lady of pleasure\'s amusement : in eighty-eight questions, with their answers, on love and gallantry / to which are added, The adventures of Sophia, with the History of Frederick and Caroline."1760		Memoirs of Lydia Tongue-pad and Juliana Clack-it.1760		"Did you ever see such damned stuff? Or, so-much-the-better. A story without head or tail, wit or humor."1760	"Lyttelton, George Lyttelton,"	Dialogues of the dead.1760	"Riccoboni, Marie Jeanne de Heurles Laboras de MezieÌ€res,"	"Letters from Juliet Lady Catesby to her friend, Lady Henrietta Campley : translated from the French."1760		The Auction : a modern novel : in two volumes.1760		The Auction : a modern novel : in two volumes.1760		The Adventures of a black coat : containing a series of remarkable occurrences and entertaining incidents that it was a witness to in its peregrinations through the cities of London and Westminster in company with variety of characters / related by itself.1760	"Colman, George,"	"Polly Honeycombe : a dramatick novel of one act, as it is now acted at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane."1760	"Colman, George,"	"Polly Honeycombe : a dramatick novel of one act, as it is now acted at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane."1760	"Colman, George,"	Polly Honeycombe : a dramatick novel of one act. As it is now acted at the Theatre-Royal in Drury-Lane.1760	"PreÌÅvost,"	"The life and entertaining adventures of Mr. Cleveland, natural son of Oliver Cromwell / written by himself : giving a particular account of his unhappiness in love, marriage, friendship, &c. and his great sufferings in Europe and America : intermixed with reflections, describing the heart of man in all its variety of passions and disguises : also, some curious particulars of Oliver\'s history and amours, and several remarkable passages in the reign of King Charles II. never before made publick."1760	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : to which is added, An account of a battle between the antient and modern books in St. James\'s Library : with the author\'s apology and explanatory notes / by W. Wotton, B.D. and others"1760	"Bunyan, John,"	The pilgrim\'s progress from this world to that which is to come : The second part : Delivered under the similitude of a dream ... / by John Bunyan.1760	"Chetwood, W. R."	"The voyages, travels, and adventures, of William Owen Gwin Vaughan ... With the history of his brother, Jonathan Vaughan ... Intermixed with the histories of Clerimont, Maria, Eleanora, and others ... By the author of Captain Robert Boyle."1760		The histories of some of the penitents in the Magdalen-House : as supposed to be related by themselves : in two volumes.1760	"Sterne, Laurence,"	"The life and opinions of Tristram Shandy, gentleman."1760	"Ramsay,"	"The travels of Cyrus : to which is annexed, a discourse upon the theology and mythology of the pagans / by the Chevalier Ramsay."1760		"Taciturna and Jocunda, or, Genius Alaciel\'s journey through those two islands : A satirical work : Translated from the French."1760		"The Lady\'s miscellany : being a collection of novels, calculated to promote a noble and generous love in both sexes."1761	"Ferguson, Adam,"	"The history of the proceedings in the case of Margaret, commonly called Peg, only lawful sister to John Bull, Esq."1761	"Ferguson, Adam,"	"The history of the proceedings in the case of Margaret, commonly called Peg, only lawful sister to John Bull, Esq."1761	"Ferguson, Adam,"	"The history of the proceedings in the case of Margaret, commonly called Peg, only lawful sister to John Bull, esq."1761	"Ferguson, Adam,"	"The history of the proceedings in the case of Margaret, commonly called Peg, only lawful sister to John Bull, esq."1761	"Hawkesworth, John,"	Almoran and Hamet : an oriental tale in two volumes.1761	"Hawkesworth, John,"	"Almoran and Hamet : an oriental tale, in two volumes."1761	"Fielding, Sarah,"	"The adventures of David Simple : containing an account of his travels through the cities of London and Westminster, in search of a real friend / by a lady : in two volumes."1761		The History of Frederick the forsaken : interspersed with anecdotes relative to several personages of rank and fashion in this metropolis : in two volumes.1761		The Adventures of Sylvia Hughes / written by herself.1761		"Sophronia, or Letters to the ladies."1761	"Ibn Tufayl, Muhammad ibn Ê»Abd al-Malik,"	"The life and surprizing adventures of Don Antonio de Trezzanio : who was self-educated, and lived forty-five years in an uninhabited island in the East Indies."1761		"The pilgrim\'s progress from this world to that which is to come : The third part. Delivered under the similitude of a dream ... To which is added, The life and death of John Bunyan ..."1761	"Fabrice, Ernst Friedrich von,"	"The genuine letters of Baron Fabricius, envoy from His Serene Highness the Duke administrator of Holstein to Charles XII. of Sweden. Comprehending his entire correspondence ... during his residence with that monarch at Bender; and also his excursions for his service into different parts of the Ottoman dominions in 1710, 1711, 1712, 1713, and 1714. Now faithfully pub. from the author\'s originals (most of them in cypher)."1761	"Hawkesworth, John,"	"Almoran and Hamet : an oriental tale, in two volumes."1761		"Memoirs of Mr. Charles Guildford : in a regular series of letters, wrote by himself to a friend : the whole founded on real facts : in two volumes."1761		"The Life and opinions of Bertram Montfichet, Esq; written by himself."1761	"Tiphaigne de La Roche, Charles-FrancÌ§ois,"	"Giphantia, or A view of what has passed, what is now passing, and, during the present century, what will pass in the world : translated from the original French, with explanatory notes."1761	"Bunyan, John,"	The pilgrim\'s progress from this world to that which is to come : delivered under the similitude of a dream ... / by John Bunyan.1762	"Smollett, T."	The adventures of Sir Launcelot Greaves / by the author of Roderick Random : in two volumes.1762	"Goldsmith, Oliver,"	"The citizen of the world, or, Letters from a Chinese philosopher, residing in London, to his friends in the East.  Volume the first [-second]."1762	"Leland, Thomas,"	"Longsword, Earl of Salisbury. An historical romance."1762	"Leland, Thomas,"	"Longsword, Earl of Salisbury. An historical romance."1762	"Scott, Sarah,"	A description of Millenium Hall and the country adjacent : together with the characters of the inhabitants and such historical anecdotes and reflections as may excite in the reader proper sentiments of humanity and lead the mind to the love of virtue / by a gentleman on his travels.1763	"Berington, Simon,"	"The adventures of Sig. Gaudentio di Lucca : being the substance of his examination before the fathers of the Inquisition at Bologna in Italy : giving an account of an unknown country in the midst of the deserts of Africa, the origin and antiquity of the people, their religion, customs and laws : copied from the original manuscript in St. Mark\'s Library at Venice : with critical notes of the learned Signor Rhedi : to which is prefixed a letter of the secretary of the Inquisition shewing the reasons of Signor Gaudentio\'s being apprehended and the manner of it : translated from the Italian."1763	"Gunning,"	The histories of Lady Frances S---- and Lady Caroline S---- / written by the Miss Minifies ...1763		Memoirs of the Chevalier Pierpoint.1763	"Riccoboni, Marie Jeanne de Heurles Laboras de MezieÌ€res,"	Letters from Juliet Lady Catesby to her friend Lady Henrietta Campley : translated from the French.1763	"Gunning,"	The histories of Lady Frances S---- and Lady Caroline S---- / written by the Miss Minifies ...1763		"The peregrinations of Jeremiah Grant, Esq; the West-Indian."1763	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"The reverie, or A flight to the paradise of fools / published by the editor of The adventures of a guinea : in two volumes."1763	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"The reverie, or A flight to the paradise of fools / published by the editor of The adventures of a guinea : in two volumes."1763	"Langhorne, John,"	"The letters that passed between Theodosius and Constantia, after she had taken the veil : Now first published from the original manuscripts."1763	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"The reverie, or A flight to the paradise of fools / published by the editor of The adventures of a guinea : in two volumes."1764	"Scott, Sarah,"	"A description of Millenium hall, and the country adjacent: together with the characters of the inhabitants, and such historical anecdotes and reflections, as may excite in the reader proper sentiments of humanity, and lead the mind to the love of virtue. By a gentleman on his travels."1764	"Scott, Sarah,"	"A description of Millenium hall, and the country adjacent: together with the characters of the inhabitants, and such historical anecdotes and reflections, as may excite in the reader proper sentiments of humanity, and lead the mind to the love of virtue. By a gentleman on his travels."1764	J. N.	"The history of Lady Louisa Stroud, and the honourable Miss Caroline Stretton."1764	"Brooke, Frances,"	The history of Lady Julia Mandeville : in two volumes / by the translator of Lady Catesby\'s letters.1764	"Woodfin,"	"The discovery, or Memoirs of Miss Marianne Middleton / by Mrs. Woodfin ... : in two volumes."1764	"Woodfin,"	"The discovery, or Memoirs of Miss Marianne Middleton / by Mrs. Woodfin ... : in two volumes."1764	"Morell, Charles,"	"The tales of the genii, or, The delightful lessons of Horam, the son of Asmar / faithfully translated from the Persian manuscript ; and compared with the French and Spanish editions published at Paris and Madrid, by Sir Charles Morell, formerly Ambassador from the British settlements in India to the Great Mogul."1764	"Pilkington, Laetitia,"	"The Celebrated Mrs. Pilkington\'s jests, or, The cabinet of wit and humour : to which is now first added, a great variety of bons mots, witticisms, and anecdotes of the inimitable Dr. Swift, Dean of St. Patrick\'s, Dublin : the whole forming the most brilliant collection of quaint jokes, facetious puns, smart repartees, entertaining tales in verse and prose, epigrams, epitaphs, conundrums, &c. &c. now extant."1764	"Lesuire, Robert Martin,"	The savages of Europe. From the French ...1764	"Careless, Charles."	"The amours and adventures of Charles Careless, Esq. : interspersed with a variety of curious and entertaining anecdotes, critical and moral reflections, droll and surprising scenes, familiar and interesting descriptions, and some humorous and important characters, drawn from real life : in two volumes / written by himself."1764	"Riccoboni, Marie Jeanne de Heurles Laboras de MezieÌÅres,"	The history of Miss Jenny Salisbury : addressed to the Countess of Roscommond / translated from the French of the celebrated Madame Riccoboni ; In two volumes.1765	"Brooke, Frances,"	The history of Lady Julia Mandeville : in two volumes / by the translator of Lady Catesby\'s letters.1765		The Parasite : vol. I.-[vol. II.]1765	"Cleland, John,"	"The surprises of love : exemplified in the romance of a day, or An adventure in Greenwich-Park, last Easter. The romance of a night, or A Covent-Garden-adventure."1765	"Langhorne, John,"	"The correspondence of Theodosius and Constantia, from their first acquaintance to the departure of Theodosius : now first published from the original manuscripts / by the editor of The letters that passed between Theodosius and Constantia, after she had taken the veil."1765	"Kimber, Edward,"	Maria : the genuine memoirs of a young lady of rank and fortune / by the author of The life and adventures of Joe Thompson.1765		The rise and surprising adventures of Donald M\'Gregor : a novel.1766	"Scott, Sarah,"	The history of Sir George Ellison : in two volumes.1766	"Scott, Sarah,"	The history of Sir George Ellison : in two volumes.1766	"Shebbeare, John,"	"Matrimony : a novel, containing a series of interesting adventures : in two volumes."1766	"Smollett, T."	"Travels through France and Italy. Containing observations on character, customs, religion, government, police, commerce, arts, and antiquities. With a particular description of the town, territory, and climate of Nice. To which is added, a register of the weather, kept during a residence of eighteen months in that city. By T. Smollett."1766		"The Wanderer, or Memoirs of Charles Searle, Esq; : containing his adventures by sea and land, with many remarkable characters and interesting situations in real life and a variety of surprizing incidents : in two volumes."1766	"Pennington, Sarah,"	Letters on different subjects : in four volumes : amongst which are interspers\'d the adventures of Alphonso after the destruction of Lisbon by the author of The unfortunate mother\'s advice to her absent daughters.1766		"The Faithful fugitives, or Adventures of Miss Teresa M----- : in a series of letters to a friend."1766	"Swift, Jonathan,"	Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Captain Lemuel Gulliver.1766	"Goldsmith, Oliver,"	The vicar of Wakefield : a tale / supposed to be written by himself.1766	"Pennington, Sarah,"	Letters on different subjects : in four volumes : amongst which are interspers\'d the adventures of Alphonso after the destruction of Lisbon / by the author of The unfortunate mother\'s advice to her absent daughters. Vol. I[-IV].1766	"Pennington, Sarah,"	Letters on different subjects : in four volumes : amongst which are interspers\'d the adventures of Alphonso after the destruction of Lisbon / by the author of The unfortunate mother\'s advice to her absent daughters. Vol. I[-IV].1766	"Young, Arthur,"	The history of Sir Charles Beaufort : containing the genuine and interesting memoirs of a family of distinction in the south of England : displaying the miseries that may arise from acting contrary to that peculiar character which nature has given to both the sexes.1766	"Eli de Beaumont,"	The history of the Marquis de Roselle : in a series of letters / by Madam Elie de Beaumont ; translated from the French : in two volumes.1766	"Gunning,"	The picture : a novel / by the Miss Minifies ...1767	"Jenner, Charles,"	Letters from Altamont in the capital to his friends in the country.1767	"Brooke, Henry,"	"The fool of quality, or, The history of Henry, Earl of Moreland / by Mr. Brooke."1767	"Brooke, Henry,"	"The fool of quality, or, The history of Henry, Earl of Moreland / by Mr. Brooke."1767	"Paterson, Samuel,"	"Another traveller! or, Cursory remarks and tritical observations made upon a journey through part of the Netherlands in the latter end of the year 1766 / by Coriat junior."1767	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"Chrysal, or, The adventures of a guinea : wherein are exhibited views of several striking scenes, with curious and interesting anecdotes, of the most noted persons in every rank of life, whose hands it passed through, in America, England, Holland, Germany, and Portugal / by an adept."1767	"Griffith, Richard,"	A series of genuine letters between Henry and Frances.1767	Lady.	The history of Miss Pittborough : in a series of letters / by a Lady : in two volumes.1767		The History of Major Bromley and Miss Cliffen.1767	"Sheridan, Frances Chamberlaine,"	The history of Nourjahad / by the editor of Sidney Bidulph.1767	Friend.	The history of Eliza / written by a Friend : in two volumes.1767	Friend.	The history of Eliza / written by a Friend : in two volumes.1767	"Marmontel, Jean FrancÌ§ois,"	Belisarius. by M. Marmontel ...1767		The Adventures of an author / written by himself and a friend : in two volumes.1767		"The Nunnery, or, The history of Miss Sophia Howard : in two volumes."1767	"Povey, Charles,"	"The virgin in Eden, or The state of innocency : deliver\'d by way of image and description : presenting a nobleman, a student, and heiress on their progress from Sodom to Canaan : with the parable of the shepherd, Zachariah and Mary, who dwelt in thatched tenements, secluded from noise and snares : their holy living and dying : to which are added Pamela\'s letters proved to be immodest romances painted in images of virtue, masquerades in disguise that received birth, now vice reigns in triumph and swells in streams even to a deluge : in this treatise are the divine sayings of Queen Mary and Carolina in public assemblies and select companies, taken from their own manuscripts : the decree of God appoints these records to be kept in every house, in every kingdom and state from one generation to another, till the great fall of nature."1767	"Pfeil, Johann Gottlob Benjamin,"	"The memoirs of the Count of P--: shewing at once the dreadful consequences of vice, and the happiness in being virtuous : a novel / translated from the German, by F.W. Streit, F. Ducal S. at Jena. In two volumes."1767	Author of Lucinda Courtney.	The history of Miss Harriot Fitzroy and Miss Emilia Spencer : written after the manner of Mr. Richardson\'s Clarissa / by the author of Lucinda Courtney : in two volumes.1767	"Scott, Sarah,"	A description of Millenium Hall and the country adjacent : together with the characters of the inhabitants and such historical anecdotes and reflections as may excite in the reader proper sentiments of humanity and lead the mind to the love of virtue / by a gentleman on his travels.1767		The Adventures of a kidnapped orphan.1767	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1767	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"Chrysal, or, The adventures of a guinea : wherein are exhibited views of several striking scenes with curious and interesting anecdotes, of the most noted persons in every rank of life, whose hands it passed through, in America, England, Holland, Germany, and Portugal / by an Adept."1767	"Sheridan, Frances Chamberlaine,"	"Memoirs of Miss Sidney Bidulph : extracted from her own journal, and now first published : in three volumes."1767	"Marshall, Jane,"	The history of Alicia Montague / by the author of Clarinda Cathcart ; in two volumes.1767	"Marshall, Jane,"	The history of Alicia Montague / by the author of Clarinda Cathcart ; in two volumes.1767	"Scott, Sarah,"	A description of Millenium Hall and the country adjacent : together with the characters of the inhabitants and such historical anecdotes and reflections as may excite in the reader proper sentiments of humanity and lead the mind to the love of virtue / by a gentleman on his travels.1767	Friend.	The history of Eliza / written by a Friend : in two volumes.1768	"Sterne, Laurence,"	A sentimental journey through France and Italy / by Mr. Yorick [i.e. Laurence Sterne]1768	"Sterne, Laurence,"	A sentimental journey through France and Italy. By Mr. Yorick [pseud.].1768	"Creichton, John,"	The memoirs of Capt. John Creichton : from his own materials / drawn up and digested by Jonathan Swift ...1768	"\\InaÌ„yat AllaÌ„h,"	Tales / translated from the Persian of Inatulla of Delhi ...1768		The unexpected wedding : in a series of letters.1768		"The Perplexed lovers, or The history of Sir Edward Balchen, Bart. in three volumes."1768	"Voltaire,"	"L\'ingenu, or The sincere Huron : a true history / translated from the French of M. de Voltaire."1768	"Gunning,"	"Barford Abbey : a novel, in a series of letters : in two volumes."1768	"Longueville, Peter,"	"The hermit, or, The unparallel\'d sufferings and surprising adventures of Mr. Philip Quarll, an Englishman, who was lately discovered by Mr. Dorrington, a Bristol merchant, upon an uninhabited island in the South-Sea, where he has lived above fifty years, without any human assistance, still continues to reside, and will not come away ... : with a curious frontispiece and a map of the island."1768		"The History of Emily Willis, a natural daughter : in two volumes."1768		"The Triumph of love and beauty, or, The history of Mr. Wallace and his family : in four books."1768	"Richardson, Samuel,"	"Clarissa, or, The history of a young lady ; comprehending the most important concerns of private life."1768		The History of Miss Emilia Beville : in two volumes.1768		"Flagel, or A ramble of fancy through the land of electioneering : in the manner of the Devil upon two sticks."1768	"Gessner, Salomon,"	"Daphnis : a poetical, pastoral novel / translated from the German of Mr. Gessner ... by an English gentleman ... : to which is prefixed a prefatory discourse on the origin and use of pastoral poetry."1768	"Neville, Henry,"	"The Isle of Pines, or a late discovery of a fourth island in Terra Australis Incognita : Being a true relation of certain English persons who, in the days of Q. Elizabeth, making a voyage to the East India, were cast away and wrecked upon that island and all drowned except one man and four women, whereof one was a negro : and now lately, A.D. 1667, a Dutch ship driven by foul weather there, by chance have found their posterity, speaking good English, to amount to 10 or 12,000 persons, as they suppose : the whole relation follows, written by the man himself a little before his death and declared to the Dutch by his grandchild / (by Henry Neville)"1768	"Cleland, John,"	The woman of honor : in three volumes.1769	"Victor, Benjamin,"	The widow of the wood :  being an authentic narrative of a late remarkable transaction in Staffordshire.1769		"Margaretta, countess of Rainsford. A sentimental novel ..."1769	"Tooke, William,"	The loves of Othniel and Achsah. Tr. from the Chaldee.1769	"Gunning,"	The cottage : a novel in a series of letters / by Miss Minifie.1769		"The bonze, or Chinese anchorite : an oriental epic novel / translated from the Mandarin language of Hoamchi-vam [pseud.] a Tattatian proselite, by Monsr. D\'Alenzon [pseud]."1769	"Brooke, Frances,"	The history of Emily Montague : in four volumes / by the author of Lady Julia Mandeville.1769	"Brooke, Frances,"	The history of Emily Montague : in four volumes / by the author of Lady Julia Mandeville.1769	"Treyssac de Vergy, Pierre Henri,"	"The lovers, or The memoirs of Lady Sarah B---- and the Countess P---- / published by Mr. Treyssac de Vergy ..."1769	"Brooke, Frances,"	The history of Lady Julia Mandeville : in two volumes / by the translator of Lady Catesby\'s letters.1769	"Atkyns,"	The hermit : a novel / by a Lady : in two volumes.1769	"Herberts, Mary."	"The adventures of Proteus, &c. : a set of novels, never before published."1769	"Jenner, Charles,"	"Letters from Lothario to Penelope : to which is added, Lucinda, a dramatic entertainment of three acts : inscribed to David Garrick, Esq. : in two volumes."1769	"Griffith, Richard,"	Two novels : in letters / by the authors of Henry and Frances : in four volumes.1769	"Mulso, Thomas,"	"Callistus, or The man of fashion, and Sophronius, or The country gentleman : in three dialogues / by Thomas Mulso, Esq;"1769	Lady.	The history of Miss Sommervile / written by a lady : in two volumes.1769	Lady.	The history of Miss Sommervile / written by a lady : in two volumes.1769		"The Fruitless repentance, or the history of Miss Kitty Le Fever. In two volumes. Vol. 1. in two volumes."1769		"Remarks on the character and manners of the French. In a series of letters, written during a residence of twelve months at Paris and its environs ..."1769	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : to which is added, An account of a battle between the ancient and modern books in St. James\'s Library : also a Discourse concerning the mechanical operation of the spirit in a letter to a friend, a fragment : with the author\'s apology and explanatory notes / by W. Wotton, B.D. and others."1769	"Rousseau, Jean-Jacques,"	"Eloisa, or, A series of original letters / collected and published by J.J. Rousseau ; translated from the French."1769	"Potter, John,"	The history of the adventures of Arthur O\'Bradley.1769	"Treyssac de Vergy, Pierre Henri,"	"The mistakes of the heart, or Memoirs of Lady Carolina Pelham and Lady Victoria Nevil : in a series of letters / published by M. Treyssac de Vergy ..."1769	"Smollett, T."	The history and adventures of an atom : in two volumes.1769		The History of Amintor and Teresa.1769		"The Modern wife : a novel, in two volumes."1769	"Leprince de Beaumont,"	The new Clarissa : a true history / by Madame de Beaumont.1770	"Bridges, Thomas,"	The adventures of a bank-note : in two volumes.1770	"Smollett, Tobias George,"	The adventures of Roderick Random : in two volumes.1770	"FeÌÅnelon, FrancÌ§ois de Salignac de La Mothe-,"	"The adventures of Telemachus, the son of Ulysses, King of Ithaca, &c. in Greece, and one of the princes who conducted the Seige of Troy : complete in twenty-four books : originally written in French, not only for the use and instruction of the Dauphin of France, to guard him, in an allegorical way, against forming his conduct after the bad example of his grandfather Lous XIV, but also to promote the happiness of mankind in general / by Francis Salignac de La Motte Fenelon ... ; now newly translated from the best Paris and other editions, by William Henry Melmoth, Esq. ... ; to which are added, the life of the original author, the heads and arguments of each book at large, and a great variety of notes ... calculated to gratify every class of readers."1770	"Mouhy, Charles de Fieux,"	"The busy body, or Successful spy : being the entertaining history of Mons. Bigand, a man infinitely inquisitive and enterprizing, even to rashness, which unhappy faculties nevertheless, instead of ruining, raised him from the lowest obscurity to a most splendid fortune : interspers\'d with several humorous stories : the whole containing a great variety of adventures equally instructive and diverting."1770	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"The distressed orphan, or, Love in a mad house : ...  interspersed with a great many entertaining letters / written by herself,    after her happy union with the colonel."1770		The History of Eliza Musgrove : in two volumes.1770		"Female friendship, or The innocent sufferer : a moral novel."1770		The History of Miss Harriot Montague : in two volumes.1770	"Amory, Thomas,"	"The life of John Buncle, esq.; containing various observations and reflections, made in several parts of the world, and many extraordinary relations."1770		Genuine copies of all the love letters and cards which passed between an illustrious personage and a noble lady during the course of a late amour : published by a proctor of Doctors Commons.1770		"The Loves of Mirtil son of Adonis, a pastoral ..."1770		"The Maid of quality, or, The history of Lady Lucy Layton : in two volumes."1770	"PreÌÅvost,"	"The memoirs and adventures of the Marquis de Bretagne, and Duc d\'Harcourt : Written originally in French / and now done into English, by Mr. Erskine."1770	"Framery, Nicolas Etienne,"	Memoirs of the Marquis de St. Forlaix : translated from the French of Mons. Framery / by Mrs. Brooke.1770	"Faulkner, Mary Anne,"	"The genuine memoirs of Miss Faulkner : otherwise Mrs. D***l**n, or Countess of H*****x in expectancy : containing the amours and intrigues of several persons of high distinction and remarkable characters, with some curious political anecdotes never before published."1770	"Sheridan, Frances Chamberlaine,"	Memoirs of Miss Sidney Bidulph : extracted from her own journal ...1770	"Treyssac de Vergy, Pierre Henri,"	"The mistakes of the heart, or Memoirs of Lady Carolina Pelham and Lady Victoria Nevil : in a series of letters / published by M. Treyssac de Vergy ... : in three volumes."1770		Nature : a novel : in a series of letters.1770	"Jenner, Charles,"	"The placid man, or Memoirs of Sir Charles Beville : in two volumes."1770	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world  / By Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1770	"Langhorne, John,"	Letters between Theodosius and Constantia ... : now first published from the original manuscripts.1770	"Parry, James."	"The true anti-Pamela, or, Memoirs of Mr. James Parry, late organist of Ross in Herefordshire : in which are inserted, his amours with the celebrated Miss ------ of Monmouthshire / written by himself ; in two parts compleat, Part I. Memoirs of his life and amours, Part II. A journal of his adventures in a cruise against the Spaniards, on board the Revenge privateer, Capt. Wimble : with his genuine letters of love and gallantry."1770	"Simes, Thomas,"	"A true narrative of an unfortunate elopement : in a series of letters / by ****** S----, Esq;"1770		The Younger brother : a tale.1770	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	"The distressed orphan, or, Love in a mad house : ...  interspersed with a great many entertaining letters / written by herself,    after her happy union with the colonel."1770		"The Memoirs of Miss Arabella Bolton : containing a genuine account of her seduction and the barbarous treatment she afterwards received from the Hon. Colonel L----l, the present supposed M------r for the County of Middlesex : with various other misfortunes and embarrassments into which this unhappy young woman has been cruelly involved, through the vicissitudes of life and the villainy of her seducer : the whole taken from the original letters of the said Colonel L-----l to Dr. Kelly, who attended her in the greatest misfortunes and distresses under which she laboured, and also from several original letters from Dr. Kelly and Miss Bolton, and from other authenticated papers in the hands of the publisher."1770		Letters between an English lady and her friend at Paris : in which are contained The memoirs of Mrs. Williams / by a lady : in two volumes.1771	"Mackenzie, Henry,"	The man of feeling.1771		The Affected indifference : a novel.1771		Anecdotes of a convent / by the author of Memoirs of Mrs. Williams : in three volumes.1771	"Potter, John,"	"The history of the adventures of Arthur O\'Bradley, &c. : a novel / by John Potter."1771	"Lawrence, Herbert."	The life and adventures of common sense : an historical allegory.1771	"Lawrence, Herbert."	"The contemplative man; or, The history of Christopher Crab, esq., of North Wales ..."1771	"Potter, John,"	The curate of Coventry : a tale / by John Potter ... : in two volumes.1771	"Renwick, William,"	"The genuine distresses of Damon and Celia in a series of letters between the late General Craufurd, Sir John Hussey Delaval, bart., Sir Francis Blake Delaval, K.B., and two unfortunate lovers / by William Renwick."1771	"Nichols, Elizabeth Eyton"	The fault was all his own : a novel : in a series of letters / by a Lady ; in two volumes.1771	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	The female spectator. By Mrs. Eliza Haywood.1771	"Chiari, Pietro,"	"The generous lover, or The adventures of the Marchioness of Brianville : in three volumes / translated from the original Italian of the AbbeÌÅ Pietro Chiari."1771	"Smollett, Tobias George,"	The expedition of Humphry Clinker / by the author of Roderick Random : in three volumes.1771	"Griffith,"	The history of Lady Barton : a novel in letters / by Mrs. Griffith : in three volumes.1771	Clara.	"Letters from Clara, or, The effusions of the heart."1771	"Wall, Anne."	"The life of Lamenther: a true history. Written by herself ... Containing a just account of the many misfortunes she underwent, occasioned by the ill treatment of an unnatural father ..."1771		Louisa : A sentimental novel ...1771	"BarbeÌÅ-Marbois, FrancÌ§ois,"	Letters of the Marchioness of Pompadour : from MDCCLIII to MDCCLXII inclusive : in two volumes.1771		"Memoirs of Mr. Wilson, or, The providential adultery : in two volumes."1771	"Austin,"	The noble family : a novel : in a series of letters / by Mrs. Austin.1771	"Skinn,"	"The old maid; or, History of Miss Ravensworth : in a series of letters / by Mrs. Skinn ... : in three volumes."1771	"Treyssac de Vergy, Pierre Henri,"	"The palinode, or The triumphs of virtue over love : a sentimental novel, in which are painted to the life the characters and manners of some of the most celebrated beauties in England / by Mr. Treyssac de Vergy."1771	"Dubois-Fontanelle, Jean Gaspard,"	"The shipwreck and adventures of Monsieur Pierre Viaud, a native of Bourdeaux, and captain of a ship. Tr. from the French, by Mrs. Griffith."1771	"Chiari, Pietro."	"Rosara, or, The adventures of an actress : a story from real life / translated from the Italian of Pietro Chiari."1771	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into remote nations of the world  / By Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1771		Travels into France and Italy : in a series of letters to a lady : in two volumes.1771		The Vicar of Bray : a tale.1772		"The History of Sir William Harrington / written some years since, and revised and corrected by the late Mr. Richardson ... : in four volumes."1772		"The Advantages of deliberation, or The folly of indiscretion : in two volumes."1772		"Arabian nights entertainments : consisting of one thousand and one stories told by the Sultaness of the Indies to divert the Sultan from the execution of a bloody vow he had made to marry a lady every day and have her cut off next morning, to avenge himself for the disloyalty of his first sultaness, &c. : containing a better account of the customs, manners and religion of the eastern nations, viz. Tartars, Persians, and Indians, than is to be met with in any author hitherto published / translated into French from the Arabian MSS. by M. Galland ... and now done into English from the last Paris edition."1772		"The Birmingham counterfeit, or Invisible spectator : a sentimental romance : in two volumes."1772		"Female frailty; or, The history of Miss Wroughton ..."1772	"Briscoe, Sophia,"	The fine lady : a novel / by the author of Miss Melmoth : in two volumes.1772	"Isla, JoseÌÅ Francisco de,"	"The history of the famous preacher Friar Gerund de Campazas,otherwise Gerund Zotes / translated from the Spanish."1772		"The Irishman, or, The favourite of fortune : a satirical novel founded upon facts."1772	"Riccoboni, Marie Jeanne de Heurles Laboras de MezieÌ€res,"	Letters from Elizabeth Sophia de Valiere to her friend Louisa Hortensia de Canteleu / by Madam Riccoboni ; translated from the French by Mr. Maceuen : in two volumes.1772		"The Married victim: or, the history of Lady Villars : a narrative founded on facts."1772		"The midnight rambler , or, new nocturnal spy, for the present year : containing a complete description of the modern transactions of London and Westminster, from the hours of nine in the evening, till six in the morning ..."1772		"The midnight rambler; or, new nocturnal spy, for the present year: containing a complete description of the modern transactions of London and Westminster, from the hours of nine in the evening, till six in the morning. Exhibiting great variety of midnight scenes and adventures in real life, both serious and comic: wherein are displayed the various humours and transactions of the different inhabitants of the metropolis--from the duke in high, down to the cobler in the low life--and from the dutchess in St. James\'s, down to the oyster woman at Billingsgate, &c. &c. Illustrated with real characters, and whimsical anecdotes, of several votaries of Bacchus and Venus, from the first-rate bucks, bloods, and filles de joye, down to those in more humble stations; as well as those in more deplorable conditions, whose utmost prospects are through the bars of a prison. Also the characters of gaolers, round-house keepers, mercenary beadles, reforming constables, &c. &c."1772		"The new modern story-teller : in a variety of original tales and novels, in verse and in prose : Among which is now first published, by desire, the celebrated tale of the Lawyer and his inkhorn : With a new epilogue."1772	"Barclay, John,"	"The Phoenix, or The history of Polyarchus and Argenis / translated from the Latin by a lady : in four volumes."1772	"Bonhote,"	The rambles of Mr. Frankly. Published by his sister ...1772	"Griffith, Richard,"	Something new : in two volumes.1772	"Scott, Sarah,"	"The test of filial duty : in a series of letters between Miss Emilia Leonard, and Miss Charlotte Arlington : a novel, in two volumes."1772		"The Triumph of benevolence; or, The history of Francis Wills : in two volumes."1772	"Haller, Albrecht von,"	Usong : an Eastern narrative / written in German by Baron Haller : in two volumes.1772	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of the reverend Dr. Jonathan Swift, Dean of St. Patrick\'s, Dublin : in twenty volumes."1772	"Chetwood, W. R. "	"The voyages and adventures of Capt. Robert Boyle ... : to which is added, The voyage and shipwreck of Richard Castelman, gent. with a description of Pennsylvania [!] and Philadelphia."1773	Young Gentleman of Oxford.	"The cautious lover, or The history of Lord Woburn / by a young gentleman of Oxford : in two volumes."1773	"Hutchinson, William,"	"Dumont, or, The hermitage : a British story."1773	"Bonhote,"	The fashionable friend : a novel : in two volumes.1773		The fatal effects of deception : a novel.1773		"The Friends; or, Original letters of a person deceased. Now first published, from the manuscripts, in his correspondent\'s hands ..."1773	"Author of Frederick, or, The fortunate beggar."	"The history of Lord Ashborn, and the Honourable Miss Howe, or, The reclaimed libertine : in three volumes / by the Author of Frederick, or, The fortunate beggar."1773	Author of Lucinda Courtney.	"The history of Miss Lucinda Courtney : in a series of original letters written by herself to her friend, Miss Constantia Bellmour : in three volumes."1773	"Chater, John."	The history of Tom Rigby : in three volumes.1773	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	The invisibe [sic] spy / by Explorabilis : in two volumes.1773	"Collyer, Mary,"	"Letters from Felicia to Charlotte : containing a series of the most interesting events, interspersed with moral reflections, chiefly tending to prove that the seeds of virtue are implanted in the mind of every reasonable being : in two volumes."1773	"Lysander,"	Letters from Lysander : or Amusement for the good-humoured.1773	"Mackenzie, Henry,"	The man of the world : in two parts.1773		"The paths of virtue delineated, or, The history in miniature of the celebrated Pamela, Clarissa Harlowe, and Sir Charles Grandison."1773	"Jenner, Charles,"	"The placid man, or, Memoirs of Sir Charles Beville / by Charles Jenner ... : in two volume [sic]."1773		"The Royal adventurers, or The conflict of love : a novel."1773	"Graves, Richard,"	"The spiritual Quixote, or, The summer\'s ramble of Mr. Geoffry Wildgoose : a comic romance : in three volumes."1773	"Murray, James,"	"The travels of the imagination : a true journey from Newcastle to London, in a stage-coach : with observations upon the metropolis / by J.M."1773		"\'Twas wrong to marry him, or, The history of Lady Dursley."1773	Author of The way to loose him.	"The way to please him, or, The history of Lady Sedley / by the Author of the way to lose him : in two volumes."1773		"Woodbury, or, The memoirs of William Marchmont, Esq. and Miss Walbrook : in letters : in two volumes."1773	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler ;"	The invisibe [sic] spy. [electronic resource] : By Explorabilis. In two volumes. ...1774		"The Disinterested marriage, or, The history of Mr. Frankland."1774		"The Double disappointment, or The history of Charles Marlow : in a series of letters : in two volumes."1774		Edward : a novel : in two volumes.1774	"Dorat, Claude Joseph,"	"The fatal effects of inconstancy, or Letters of the Marchioness de SyrceÌÅ, the Count de Mirbeele [sic] and others : translated from the French : in two volumes."1774	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"The history of Arsaces, Prince of Betlis / by the editor of Chrysal : in two volumes."1774	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	"The history of the renowned Don Quixote de la Mancha. Including, minutely, every curious incident attending his faithful squire and servant, Sancho Panza. Interspersed with ludicrous dialogues, rhapsodies, madrigals, and serenades. The whole replete with infinite humour and drollery. Tr. from the original Spanish of Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra. By Charles Henry Wilmot, esq."1774		"The Journey to London, or, The history of the Selby-family."1774	"Brooke, Henry,"	"Juliet Grenville, or, The history of the human heart : three volumes in two / by Mr. Brooke."1774		"The Modern fine gentleman : a novel, in two volumes."1774		"The News-paper wedding, or An advertisement for a husband : a novel : founded on incidents which arose in consequence of an advertisement that appeared in the Daily advertiser of July 29, 1772 : including a number of original letters on the subject of love and marriage."1774	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1774	Lady.	The trinket : a novel / by a lady.1774	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of Dr. Jonathan Swift, Dean of St. Patrick\'s, Dublin : in thirteen volumes."1774	"Voltaire,"	"Le taureau blanc, or, The white bull : from the French / translated from the Syriac by M. De Voltaire."1774		"La belle philosophe, or the fair philosopher : in two volumes."1774	"Brooke, Henry,"	"Juliet Grenville, or, The history of the human heart : three volumes in two / by Mr. Brooke."1775		"The Adventures of a cork-screw : in which, under the pleasing method of a romance, the vices, follies and manners of the present age are exhibited and satirically delineated : interspersed with striking anecdotes,  characters and actions of persons in real life : all drawn to promote virtue, expose vice, and laugh folly out of countenance."1775	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"Chrysal, or, The adventures of a guinea : wherein are exhibited views of several striking scenes, with curious and interesting anecdotes of the most noted persons in every rank of life, whose hands it passed through, in America, England, Holland, Germany and Portugal / by an adept."1775	"Scarron,"	The comic romance of Monsieur Scarron / translated by Oliver Goldsmith.1775		The Correspondents : an original novel : in a series of letters.1775	"Cooper, Maria Susanna."	"The daughter, or, The history of Miss Emilia Royston, and Miss Harriet Ayres : in a series of letters / by the authoress of The exemplary mother."1775	"Griffith,"	"The delicate distress : a novel, in letters : in two volumes."1775	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	The female spectator / by Mrs. Eliza Haywood : in four volumes.1775		"The French convert : being a true relation of the happy conversion of a noble French lady, from the errors and superstitions of popery, to the reformed religion, by means of a Protestant gardener, her servant ..."1775	"Vigor, William."	"Letters from a lady, who resided some years in Russia, to her friend in England : with historical notes."1775	"Sterne, Laurence,"	Letters from Yorick to Eliza.1775	"Man, Henry,"	"Mr. Bentley, the rural philosopher : a tale, in two volumes."1775	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"The pilgrim, or, A picture of life : in a series of letters, written mostly from London by a Chinese philosopher, to his friend at Quang-Tong : containing remarks upon the laws, customs, and manners of the English and other nations : illustrated by a variety of curious and interesting anecdotes, and characters drawn from real life / by the editor of Chrysal."1775		"Sophronia, or Letters to the ladies."1775	"Fordyce, David,"	The temple of virtue : a dream / Published by James Fordyce ...1775	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"Travels into several remote nations of the world : in four parts / By Lemuel Gulliver, first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships."1775	"Bicknell, Alexander,"	"The benevolent man, or The history of Mr. Belville : in which is introduced the remarkable adventures of Captain Maclean, the hermit : in two volumes."1775	"Bicknell, Alexander,"	"The benevolent man, or The history of Mr. Belville : in which is introduced the remarkable adventures of Captain Maclean, the hermit : in two volumes."1775		"The history of Lady Anne Neville, sister to the great Earl of Warwick: in which are interspersed memoirs of that nobleman, and the principal characters of the age in which she lived. [epigraph] In two volumes. Vol. II."1775	"Garfigny, "	"Letters of Princess Zilia to Prince Aza of Peru / Newly translated from the French original. By James Seguinn, teacher of the French tongue in Hereford. translated from the French original by James Seguin"1776		The Correspondents : an original novel : in a series of letters.1776		"Disinterested love, or, The history of Sir Charles Royston, and Emily Lesley : in a series of letters."1776		"Emma, or, The child of sorrow : a novel, in two volumes."1776	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	Epistles for ladies / by the authors of the Female spectator.1776	"Percival, Thomas,"	"A father\'s instructions to his children : consisting of tales, fables, and reflections : designed to promote the love of virtue, a taste for knowledge, and an early acquaintance with the works of nature."1776	"Brooke, Henry,"	"The fool of quality, or, The history of Henry Earl of Moreland / by Mr. Brooke : in four volumes."1776		"The Husband\'s resentment, or, The history of Lady Manchester : a novel : in two volumes."1776	A Lady.	The Irish guardian : a pathetic story : in two volumes / by a Lady.1776	"Cogan, T."	"John Buncle, junior, gentleman."1776	"Gellert, Christian FuÌˆrchtegott,"	The life of the countess of G / by Gellert ; translated from the German by a lady.1776	"Seally, John,"	"The loves of Calisto and Emira, or, The fatal legacy : published from originals / by John Seally ..."1776	Lady.	The maiden aunt / written by a Lady : in three volumes.1776	"Gessner, Salomon,"	"New idylles, by Gessner. Tr. by W. Hooper, M.D. With a letter to M. Fuslin, on landscape painting, and the Two friend of Bourbon, a moral tale, by M. Diderot."1776	"Pratt,"	"The pupil of pleasure, or, The new system illustrated / by Courtney Melmoth."1776	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"The reverie, or, A flight to the paradise of fools / by the editor of the Adventures of a guinea : in two volumes."1776	Lady.	The school for husbands / written by a Lady : in two volumes.1776	"Gessner, Salomon"	"Daphnis: A Poetrical, Paftoral Novel. Translated from the German of Mr. Gessner."1776	"Graves, Richard,"	"Euphrosyne, or, Amusements on the road of life / by the author of The spiritual Quixote."1777	"Pratt,"	Charles and Charlotte : in two volumes.1777	"Thistlethwaite, James,"	"The child of misfortune, or, The history of Mrs. Gilbert / by Mr. Thistlethwaite : in two volumes."1777		A Collection of novels / selected and revised by Mrs. Griffith.1777	"Brooke, Frances,"	"The excursion : in two volumes / by Mrs. Brooke, author of The history of Lady Julia Mandeville, and of Emily Montague."1777	"Brooke, Frances,"	"The excursion : in two volumes / by Mrs. Brooke, author of The history of Lady Julia Mandeville, and of Emily Montague."1777	"Marmontel, Jean FrancÌ§ois,"	"The Incas : or, The destruction of the empire of Peru. / By M. Marmontel."1777	"Mackenzie, Henry,"	"Julia de RoubigneÌÅ : a tale, in a series of letters / published by the author of The man of feeling, and The man of the world : in two volumes."1777	Henrietta.	"Letters from Henrietta to Morvina : interspersed with anecdotes, historical and amusing, of the different courts and countries through which she passed : founded on facts : in two volumes."1777		"The History of Melinda Harley, Yorkshire."1777		"Memoirs of the late Edw. W---ly M--tague, Esq. : with remarks on the manners and customs of the oriental world : collected and published from original posthumous papers."1777	"Rogers, A."	The history of Miss Temple : in two volumes / by a young lady.1777	Lady.	"The mutability of human life, or, Memoirs of Adelaide, Marchioness of Melville / by a Lady : in two volumes."1778	"Scott, Sarah,"	"A description of Millenium Hall and the country adjacent : together with the characters of the inhabitants, and such historical anecdotes  and reflections, as may excite in the reader proper sentiments of humanity, and lead the mind to the love of virtue / by a gentleman on his travels."1778	"Walker, Mary,"	Munster village : a novel : in two volumes.1778		"Learning at a loss, or, The amours of Mr. Pedant and Miss Hartley : a novel, in two volumes."1778	"Thistlethwaite, James,"	"The man of experience, or, The adventures of Honorious : in two volumes / by Mr. Thistlethwaite."1778		The History of Eliza Warwick : in two volumes.1778	Young lady.	"The example, or The history of Lucy Cleveland / by a young lady."1778	Young lady.	"The example, or The history of Lucy Cleveland / by a young lady."1778	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of Jonathan Swift, D.D., D.S.P.D. : With notes historical and critical / by J. Hawkesworth and others."1778		The History of Eliza Warwick : in two volumes.1778		The History of Eliza Warwick : in two volumes.1779		"Charles, or, The history of a young baronet and a lady of quality : a novel, in two volumes."1779	"Graves, Richard,"	"Columella; or, The distressed anchoret. A colloquial tale. By the editor of the Spiritual Quixote."1779		"The Count de Rethel : an historical novel, taken from the French : in three volumes."1779	"Parsons, Philip,"	Dialogues of the dead with the living.1779	"Burney, Fanny,"	"Evelina, or, A young lady\'s entrance into the world : in a series of letters."1779	"Percival, Thomas,"	"A father\'s instructions, consisting of moral tales, fables, and reflections; designed to promote the love of virtue, a taste for knowledge, and an early acquintance with the works of nature. By Thomas Percival."1779	"Sterne, Laurence,"	Letters supposed to have been written by Yorick and Eliza ...1779		"Memoirs of Maitre Jacques, of Savoy ..."1779	"Hanway, Jonas,"	Midnight the signal : in sixteen letters to a lady of quality.1779	"Bicknell, Alexander,"	Prince Arthur : an allegorical romance : the story from Spenser : in two volumes.1779	"Pratt,"	"Shenstone-Green, or, The new Paradise lost : being a history of human nature : in three volumes / written by the proprietor of the Green, the editor Courtney Melmoth."1779	"Keate, George,"	"Sketches from nature : taken, and coloured, in a journey to Margate / published from the original designs by George Keate."1779	"Penn, James,"	The Surry cottage / by James Penn.1779	"Devonshire, Georgiana Spencer Cavendish,"	The sylph : a novel. In two volumes.1779	"Pratt,"	"The tutor of truth / by the author of The pupil of pleasure, &c. &c. : in two volumes."1779		Una and Arthur : an allegorical history : the incidents from Spenser : in two volumes.1779	Lady.	"The unfortunate union, or, The test of virtue : a story founded on facts, and calculated to promote the cause of virtue in younger minds / written by a Lady."1779		"The Wedding ring, or, History of Miss Sidney : in a series of letters : in three volumes."1779	Lady.	"Coxheath-Camp : a novel, in a series of letters / by a Lady : in two volumes."1779		"The Hermit of the rock, or, The history of the Marchioness de Lausanne, and the Comte de Luzy / translated from a French manuscript : in three volumes."1780	"PreÌÅvost,"	The Dean of Coleraine : a moral history : founded on the memoirs of an illustrious family in Ireland : in three volumes.1780	"Gessner, Salomon,"	The death of Abel : in five books / attempted from the German of Gessner.1780	"Pratt,"	"Emma Corbett, or, The miseries of civil war : founded on some recent circumstances which happened in America / by the author of Liberal opinions, Pupil of pleasure, Shenstone Green, &c."1780		"Fatal obedience, or, The history of Mr. Freeland : in two volumes."1780	"Palmer, Charlotte,"	"Female stability: or, The history of Miss Belville. In a series of letters by the late Miss Palmer ..."1780	Authoress of Evelina.	Harcourt : a sentimental novel : in a series of letters / by the Authoress of Evelina.1780	"[Croft, Herbert]"	"Love and madness : A story too true : In a series of letters      between parties, whose names would perhaps be mentioned, were they less known,  or less lamented ..."1780	Author of Eliza Warwick.	"Masquerades, or, What you will / by the Author of Eliza Warwick, &c. : in four volumes."1780	"Marmontel, Jean FrancÌ§ois,"	Moral tales / by M. Marmontel ; in two volumes.1780		The Relapse : a novel : in two volumes.1780	"Pratt,"	"Shenstone-Green, or, The new Paradise lost : being a history of human nature : in three volumes / written by the proprietor of the Green ; and published by the author of Liberal opinions."1780	"Langhorne, John,"	Solyman and Almena : an oriental tale / by Dr. Langhorne.1780	"Goethe, Johann Wolfgang von,"	The sorrows of Werter : a German story.1780		"Sutton-Abbey : a novel, in a series of letters : founded on facts."1780	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of Jonathan Swift, D.D., D.S.P.D. : With notes historical and critical / by J. Hawkesworth and others."1780	"Smollett, T."	The adventures of Roderick Random : In two volumes / By Dr. Smollet.1780		"Fatal obedience, or, The history of Mr. Freeland : in two volumes."1780	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of the adventures of Joseph Andrews, and his friend Mr. Abraham Adams : Written in imitation of the manner of Cervantes, author of Don Quixote / By Henry Fielding."1780	"Hawkesworth, John,"	Almoran and Hamet : an oriental tale / by Dr. Hawkesworth.1780	"Fielding, Henry,"	"Amelia / by Henry Fielding, Esq."1780	"Langhorne, John,"	Solyman and Almena : An oriental tale / By Dr. Langhorne.1780	"Goldsmith, Oliver,"	The vicar of Wakefield : A tale : In two volumes / By Dr. Goldsmith.1780	"Voltaire,"	"Zadig, or, The book of fate : an oriental history / translated from the French of M. de Voltaire by Francis Ashmore, Esq."1780	"Le Sage, Alain ReneÌÅ,"	"The Devil upon two sticks / Translated from the Diable boiteux of Monsieur Le Sage ; To which are prefixed, Asmodeus\'s crutches, a critical letter upon the work ; and Dialogues between two chimneys of Madrid."1780	"Morell, Charles,"	"The tales of the genii, or, The delightful lessons of Horam, the son of Asmar / faithfully translated from the Persian manuscript, and compared with the French and Spanish editions published at Paris and Madrid, by Sir Charles Morell."1780	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of Tom Jones : a foundling / by Henry Fielding, Esq."1780	"Defoe, Daniel,"	"The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner : who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque : with an account of his deliverance thence, and his after surprising adventures."1780	"[Croft, Herbert]"	"Love and madness : A story too true : In a series of letters      between parties, whose names would perhaps be mentioned, were they less known,  or less lamented ..."1781		The adventures of a hackney coach.1781	"Gueullette, Thomas-Simon,"	"Chinese tales, or, The wonderful adventures of the Mandarin Fum-Hoam / related by himself, to divert the sultana upon the celebration of her nuptials ; written in French by M. Gueulette ; translated by the Rev. Mr. Stackhouse."1781		"Colonel Ormsby, or, The genuine history of an Irish nobleman, in the French service."1781		"Les DeÌÅlices du sentiment, or, The passionate lovers : in a series of letters which have recently passed between two celebrated characters, well known in polite life for their virtues, talents, and accomplishments / with a translation from the originals ; Written in cypher..."1781	Lady.	"The deÌÅnouement, or, History of Lady Louisa Wingrove / by a Lady."1781		"Distrest virtue, or The history of Miss Harriet Nelson : in which is included the unhappy story of Miss Caroline Lenox : in a series of letters : in three volumes."1781	"Pratt,"	"Emma Corbett, or, The miseries of civil war."1781	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"The history of John Juniper, Esq. alias Juniper Jack : containing the birth, parentage, and education, life, adventures, and character of that most wonderful and surprizing gentleman / by the editor of The adventures of a guinea."1781	"Mackenzie, Henry,"	"Julia de RoubigneÌÅ : a tale, in a series of letters / published by the author of The man of feeling, and The man of the world : in two volumes."1781	"Combe, William,"	"Letters between two lovers, and their friends / by the author of Letters supposed to have been written by Yorick and Eliza : in three volumes."1781	Author of Eliza Warwick.	"Masquerades, or, What you will / by the Author of Eliza Warwick, &c. : in two volumes."1781	"Pratt,"	The pupil of pleasure / by the author of the Tutor of truth.1781	"Dodd, William,"	"The sisters, or, The history of Lucy and Caroline Sanson, entrusted to a false friend : in two volumes / by the Rev. Dr. Dodd."1781		"A sketch of the times, or, Memoirs of Lord Derville : in two volumes."1781	"CreÌÅbillon, Claude-Prosper Jolyot de,"	The sopha : a moral tale / translated from the French of Monsieur Crebillon.1781	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : to which is added, An account of a battle between the ancient and modern books in St. James\'s Library : with the author\'s apology and explanatory notes / by W. Wotton, B.D. and others"1781	"Sterne, Laurence,"	"The life and opinions of Tristram Shandy, gentleman / by Mr. Sterne."1781	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of Jonathan Swift D. D., D. S. P. D. / With notes historical and critical, by J. Hawkesworth and others ..."1781		The Adventures of a hackney coach.1781		The Adventures of a hackney coach.1781	"Pratt,"	"Emma Corbett, or, The miseries of civil war."1781	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"The history of John Juniper, Esq. alias Juniper Jack : containing the birth, parentage, and education, life, adventures, and character of that most wonderful and surprizing gentleman / by the editor of The adventures of a guinea."1781		The adventures of a hackney coach.1782	"Scott, Helenus,"	The adventures of a rupee : wherein are interspersed various anecdotes Asiatic and European.1782	"Scott, Helenus,"	The adventures of a rupee : wherein are interspersed various anecdotes Asiatic and European.1782		"Anna : a sentimental novel, in a series of letters : in two volumes."1782		"Blandford races : a novel, in two volumes."1782	"Burney, Fanny,"	"Cecilia, or, Memoirs of an heiress. By the author of Evelina."1782	"Vaughan, Thomas."	Fashionable follies : a novel : containing the history of a Parisian family.1782	Lady.	An interesting sketch of genteel life / by a Lady.1782	"Stedman, John."	"Laelius and Hortensia, or, Thoughts on the nature and objects of taste and genius : in a series of letters to two friends."1782	"Abelard, Peter,"	"Letters of Abelard and Heloise : To which is prefixed a particular account of their lives, amours, and misfortunes / By the late John Hughes, Esq. ; Together with the poem of Eloisa to Abelard By Mr. Pope ; And, (to which is now added), the poem of Abelard to Eloisa By Mrs. Madan."1782	"Kelly, Hugh,"	"Memoirs of a Magdalen; or, The history of Louisa Mildmay. / By Hugh Kelly ..."1782		"Memoirs of Lady Woodford / written by herself, and addressed to a friend : in two volumes."1782	"Bage, Robert,"	"Mount Henneth : a novel, in two volumes."1782	"Bage, Robert,"	"Mount Henneth : a novel, in two volumes."1782		"The Philosophical Quixote, or, Memoirs of Mr. David Wilkins : in a series of letters."1782	"Sterne, Laurence,"	"A sentimental journey through France and Italy, by Mr. Yorick : in two volumes / by the Rev. Mr. Sterne."1782	"Stedman, John,"	"LÃ_lius and Hortensia, or, Thoughts on the nature and objects of taste and genius : in a series of letters to two friends."1782	"Le Sage, Alain ReneÌÅ,"	"The adventures of Gil Blas of Santillane : a new translation by the author of Roderick Random : adorned with 33 cuts, neatly engraved : in four volumes."1782	"Sterne, Laurence,"	"The life and opinions of Tristram Shandy, gentleman."1783	"Graves, Richard,"	"The spiritual Quixote, or, The summer\'s ramble of Mr. Geoffry Wildgoose : a comic romance."1783	"Scott, Helenus,"	"The adventures of an East-India rupee. Wherein are interspersed, various anecdotes Asiatic and European ..."1783		"The American wanderer, through various parts of Europe, in a series of letters to a lady (interspersed with a variety of interesting anecdotes) By a Virginian."1783	"Mackenzie, Anna Maria."	Burton-Wood : in a series of letters / by a lady.1783	"Burney, Fanny,"	"Cecilia, or, Memoirs of an heiress / by the author of Evelina."1783	"Gunning,"	Coombe Wood : a novel in a series of letters / by the author of Barford-Abbey and The Cottage.1783	"Gunning,"	Coombe Wood : a novel : in a series of letters / by the author of Barford-Abbey and The cottage.1783	"Lennox, Charlotte,"	"The female Quixote, or The adventures of Arabella / by Mrs. Lennox : in two volumes."1783		"Female sensibility, or, The history of Emma Pomfret : a novel, founded on facts."1783	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	The history of Miss Betsy Thoughtless / by Mrs. Haywood : in four volumes.1783	"Day, Thomas,"	The history of Sandford and Merton : a work intended for the use of children.1783		The History of the Miss Baltimores : in a series of letters.1783		"A Lesson for lovers, or, The history of Colonel Melville, and Lady Charlotte Richley."1783	"Pratt,"	"Liberal opinions, or, The history of Benignus. By Mr. Pratt."1783	"Kimber, Edward,"	The life and adventures of Joe Thompson : a narrative founded on fact / by Mr. Kimber : in two volumes.1783		"Peggy and Patty, or, The sisters of Ashdale : in four volumes."1783	"Lee, Sophia,"	"The recess, or, A tale of other times / by the author of The chapter of accidents."1783	"Reeve, Clara,"	The two mentors : a modern story / by the author of The old English baron.1783	"Mackenzie, Henry,"	The man of the world : a new work of entertainment / by Mr. Mackenzie ...1783	"Mackenzie, Anna Maria."	Burton-Wood : in a series of letters / by a lady.1783	"Murdoch, John,"	"Pictures of the heart : sentimentally delineated in the danger of the passions, an allegorical tale : The adventures of a friend of truth, an oriental history in two parts : The embarrassments of love, a novel : and The double disguise, a drama in two acts / by John Murdoch."1783	"Murdoch, John,"	"Pictures of the heart : sentimentally delineated in the danger of the passions, an allegorical tale : The adventures of a friend of truth, an oriental history in two parts : The embarrassments of love, a novel : and The double disguise, a drama in two acts / by John Murdoch."1783	"Thomson, William,"	"The Man in the moon; or, Travels into the lunar regions by the Man of the people."1783	"Thomson, William,"	"The Man in the moon; or, Travels into the lunar regions by the Man of the people."1783		"Siberian anecdotes, a novel : In three volumes. Containing real histories and living characters. ..."1784	"Laclos, Choderlos de,"	"Dangerous connections: or, Letters collected in a society, and published for the instruction of other societies. By m. C**** de L*** ..."1784	"Berkeley, George Monck,"	"Maria, or, The generous rustic."1784	"Cooper, Maria Susanna."	"The exemplary mother, or, Letters between Mrs. Villars and her family : in two volumes."1784		"The History of Lord Belford, and Miss Sophia Woodley : in a series of letters."1784		The History of Peggy Black and Wilmot Bond.1784	"M\'Donald, A."	The independent : a novel : two volumes in one.1784	Young lady.	"Laura and Augustus : an authentic story, in a series of letters / by a Young Lady : in three volumes."1784	"Paltock, Robert,"	"The life and adventures of Peter Wilkins, a Cornish man ... Taken from his own mouth, in his passage to England, from off Cape Horn in America, in the ship Hector. With an introduction ... by R. S., a passenger in the Hector."1784	"Seward, Anna,"	"Louisa, : a poetical novel, in four epistles. / By Miss Seward."1784		"The Modern Atalantis, or, The devil in an air balloon : containing the characters and secret memoirs of the most conspicuous persons of high quality, of both sexes, in the island of Libertusia in the Western Ocean / translated from the Libertusian language."1784	"Combe, William,"	Original love-letters between a lady of quality and a person of inferior station.1784	Young lady.	"The ring : a novel, in a series of letters / by a young lady."1784	"Octavia,"	"Unfortunate sensibility, or, The life of Mrs. L****** / written by herself ; in a series of sentimental letters ; dedicated to Mr. Yorick, in the Elysian Fields : in two volumes."1784	"Potter, John,"	"The virtuous villagers : a novel, in a series of letters / by John Potter ... : in two volumes."1784	"Berkeley, George Monck,"	"Maria, or, The generous rustic."1784	"Bage, Robert,"	Barham Downs : a novel : in two volumes / by the author of Mount Henneth.1784	"Richardson, Samuel,"	"Clarissa; or, The history of a young lady. Comprehending the most important concerns of private life. And particularly shewing the distresses that may attend the misconduct both of parents and children, in relation to marriage. By Mr. Samuel Richardson."1784	"Palafox y Mendoza, Juan de,"	"The new Odyssey by the Spanish Homer : being the travels of the Christian hero, Ulysses Desiderius Pius, throughout the universe, to the palace of that sovereign princess styled the science of salvation : contained in nineteen chapters, rhapsodies or visions, to be read a chapter every night, between Twelfth-Day and Candlemas-Day, as so many most diverting and instructive Christmas Nights entertainments : the whole making a fine spiritual romance, or, rather a sublime allegorical poem / being the valuable work of the learned and pious Bishop of Osma ... Don John de Palafox & Mendoza ... ; translated into most languages of Europe ..."1784	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq.; with the life of the              author."1784	"Bage, Robert,"	Barham Downs : a novel : in two volumes / by the author of Mount Henneth.1784	"Seward, Anna,"	"Louisa, : a poetical novel, in four epistles. / By Miss Seward."1784	"Burney, Fanny,"	"Cecilia; or, Memoirs of an heiress. By the author of Evelina."1784	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq.; with the life of the author."1784	"Reeve, Clara,"	The old English baron : a Gothic story.1784	"Burney, Fanny,"	"Cecilia; or, Memoirs of an heiress. By the author of Evelina."1785		"Cynthia : with the tragical account of the unfortunate loves of Almerin and Desdemona : being, a novel : illustrated with variety of the chances of fortune, moralized with many useful observations, drawn from thence, whereby the reader may reap both pleasure and profit."1785	"Gwynn, Albinia,"	"The rencontre, or Transition of a moment : a novel, in a series of letters / by a lady : in two volumes."1785	"Gueullette, Thomas-Simon,"	"Tartarian tales, or, A thousand and one quarters of hours / written in French by M. Gueulette ; translated by Thomas Flloyd."1785	"Gifford, Arthur."	"The omen, or, Memoirs of Sir Henry Melville and Miss Julia Eastbrook : a novel, in two volumes."1785	"Le Sage, Alain ReneÌÅ,"	"The adventures of Gil Blas of Santillane / a new translation, by the author of Roderick Random ; adorned with cuts, neatly engraved : in four volumes."1785		"The Confessions of a coquet : a novel, in a series of letters."1785		Memoirs and adventures of a flea : in which are interspersed many humorous characters and anecdotes : in two volumes.1785		"Cynthia : with the tragical account of the unfortunate loves of Almerin and Desdemona : being, a novel : illustrated with variety of the chances of fortune, moralized with many useful observations, drawn from thence, whereby the reader may reap both pleasure and profit."1785	"Potter, T.,"	"Novellettes moral and sentimental / partly original and partly compiled by the late, T. Potter, surgeon at North Shields, near Newcastle upon Tyne."1785	"FeÌÅnelon, FrancÌ§ois de Salignac de La Mothe-,"	"The adventures of Telemachus, the son of Ulysses ... complete in twenty four books. Originally written in French ... / by Francis Salignac de La Mothe Fenelon ... ; now newly translated ... by William Henry Melmoth ... : to which are added, The life of the original author, The heads and arguments of each book ..."1785	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	The history of Jemmy and Jenny Jessamy / by Mrs. Haywood : in three volumes.1785	"Melmoth, William Henry."	"The new universal story-teller, or a modern picture of human life : consisting of a greater variety of valuable matter ... than was ever given in any book of the kind / by William Henry Melmoth."1785		"The life, voyages and adventures of Bampfylde-Moore Carew, commonly called, king of the beggars : being an impartial account of his life, from his leaving Tiverton School, at the age of fifteen, and entering into a society of gypsies, to his death ... : with a history of his travels twice through great part of America / collected and amended from his own writings, by Thomas Price ... ; to which is added, a dictionary of the cant language, used by the mendicants."1785	"Richardson, Samuel,"	"Pamela, or, Virtue rewarded : in a series of familiar letters from a beautiful young damsel to her parents : published in order to cultivate the principles of virtue and religion in the minds of the youth of both sexes : A narrative which has it\'s foundation in truth; and at the same time that it agreeably entertains, by a variety of curious and affecting incidents, is entirely divested of all those images, which in too many pieces calculated for amusement only, tend to inflame the minds they should instruct : to which are prefixed, extracts from several curious letters, written to the editor on the subject / by Samuel Richardson."1785	"Richardson, Samuel,"	"Clarissa, or, the history of a young lady : comprehending the most important concerns of private life. And particularly shewing that the distresses that may attend the misconduct, both of parents and children, in relation to marriage ..."1785		"The Aerostatic spy: or, Excursions with an air balloon. Exhibiting a view of various countries, in different parts of the world; and a variety of characters in real life. By an aerial traveller."1785	"Tomlins, Elizabeth Sophia,"	The conquests of the heart : a novel / by a young lady : in three volumes.1785	"Genlis, SteÌÅphanie FeÌÅliciteÌÅ,"	"Tales of the castle, or, Stories of instruction and delight : being Les veilleÌÅes du chateau / written in French by Madame la comtesse de Genlis ... ; translated into English by Thomas Holcroft."1785	"Trusler, John,"	"Modern times, or, The adventures of Gabriel Outcast / supposed to be written by himself, in imitation of Gil Blas : in three volumes."1785	Lady.	"The liberal American : a novel, in a series of letters / by a Lady : in two volumes."1785	Lady.	"The nabob : a novel, in a series of letters / by a Lady : in two volumes."1785		Eleanora: from the Sorrows of Werter. A tale.1785	"Treyssac de Vergy, Pierre Henri,"	"Henrietta, Countess Osenvor : a sentimental novel. In a series of letters to Lady Susannah Fitzroy. / By Mr. Treyssac de Vergy ... In two volumes."1785	"Treyssac de Vergy, Pierre Henri,"	"Henrietta, Countess Osenvor : a sentimental novel. In a series of letters to Lady Susannah Fitzroy. / By Mr. Treyssac de Vergy ... In two volumes."1785	"Treyssac de Vergy, Pierre Henri,"	"Henrietta, Countess Osenvor : a sentimental novel. In a series of letters to Lady Susannah Fitzroy. / By Mr. Treyssac de Vergy ... In two volumes."1785	"Palmer, Charlotte,"	"Female stability, or, The history of Miss Belville : in a series of letters / by the late Miss Palmer."1785	"Lyttelton, George Lyttelton,"	"Letters from a Persian in England, to his friend at Ispahan / by George Lord Lyttelton."1785	"Peacock, Lucy,"	"The adventures of the six princesses of Babylon, in their travels to the temple of virtue : an allegory : dedicated, by permission to her Royal Highness the Princess Mary."1785	"Thomas, Rowley."	"The frolics of fancy : a familiar epistle, characteristic of Tristram Shandy, to Charles Reynolds, Esq; / by Rowley Thomas."1786	"Graves, Richard,"	"Eugenius, or Anecdotes of the Golden Vale : an embellished narrative of real facts."1786	"Arnaud, FrancÌ§ois-Thomas-Marie de Baculard d\',"	"The history of Count Gleichen, a German nobleman : who received permission from Pope Gregory IX to have two wives at the same time / Translated from the French of Arnaud."1786	"Croft, Herbert,"	"Love and madness : a story too true : in a series of letters, between parties whose names would perhaps be mentioned were they less known or less lamented."1786	"Croft, Herbert,"	"Love and madness : a story too true : in a series of letters, between parties whose names would perhaps be mentioned were they less known or less lamented."1786	"Goldsmith, Oliver,"	The vicar of Wakefield : a tale supposed to be written be himself. In two volumes.1786	"Johnson,"	Francis the philanthropist : an unfashionable tale.1786	"Beckford, William,"	"An Arabian tale, from an unpublished manuscript, with notes critical and explanatory."1786	"Lee, Harriet,"	The errors of innocence : in five volumes.1786	"Holcroft, Thomas,"	"An amourous tale of the chaste loves of Peter the Long, and of his most honoured dame Blanche Bazu, his feal friend Blaise Bazu, and the history of the lover\'s well / imitated from the original French by Thomas Holcroft."1786	"Bennett,"	"Juvenile indiscretions : a novel, in five volumes / by the author of Anna, or The Welch heiress."1786	"Johnson,"	"Francis, the philanthropist : an unfashionable tale."1786	Lady.	"Elfrida, or Paternal ambition : a novel, in two volumes / by a lady."1786		"Albina : a novel, in a series of letters."1786	"Lee, Harriet,"	The errors of innocence : in two volumes.1786	"Smollett, T."	The history and adventures of an atom / by Dr. Smollett : in two volumes.1786	"Sheridan, Frances Chamberlaine,"	Memoirs of Miss Sidney Bidulph. Extracted from her own journal. / By Mrs. Sheridan. In five volumes.1786	"Keir, Elizabeth."	Interesting memoirs / by a lady : in two volumes.1786	"Pott, Joseph Holden,"	The tour of Valentine.1786	"Walpole, Horace,"	"The castle of Otranto, a Gothic story. Translated by William Marshal, gent. [pseud.] From the original Italian of Onuphrio Muralto [pseud.] ..."1786	"Lemoine, Henry,"	"The Kentish curate, or The history of Lamuel Lyttleton, a foundling /   written by himself."1786	"Clarke, Richard,"	"Arpasia; or, the wanderer a novel / by the author of the Nabob : in three volumes."1786	"Pye, Jael Henrietta,"	"Theodosius and Arabella : a novel, in a series of letters / by the late Mrs. Hampden Pye : in two volumes."1786	"Johnson,"	"Juliana : a novel / by the author of Francis, the philanthropist : in three volumes."1786	"Montolieu, Isabelle de,"	Caroline of Lichtfield : a novel ; translated from the French by Thomas Holcroft.1786	"Montolieu, Isabelle de,"	Caroline of Lichtfield : a novel ; translated from the French by Thomas Holcroft.1786	"Mackenzie, Anna Maria."	"The gamesters : a novel, in two volumes / by the authoress of Burton-Wood and Joseph."1786	"Arnaud, FrancÌ§ois-Thomas-Marie de Baculard d\',"	"Warbeck : a pathetic tale, in two volumes."1786	"James, William,"	"The letters of Charlotte, during her connexion with Werter."1786	"Trusler, John,"	"Modern times, or, The adventures of Gabriel Outcast / supposed to be written by himself, in imitation of Gil Blas."1786	"Bennett,"	"Anna, or, Memoirs of a Welch heiress : interspersed with anecdotes of a nabob : in four volumes."1786	"Johnstone, Charles,"	"The adventures of Anthony Varnish, or, A peep at the manners of society / by an adept."1786	"Gueullette, Thomas-Simon,"	"Peruvian tales : related in one thousand and one hours, by one of the select virgins of Cusco, to the Ynca of Peru, to dissuade him from a resolution he had taken to destroy himself by poison. / translated from the French by Samuel Humphreys ..."1786	"Beckford, William,"	"An Arabian tale, from an unpublished manuscript, with notes critical and explanatory."1787		"The HeÌ†eÌ†toÌ„paÌ†deÌ„s of VeÌ†eÌ†shnoÌ†oÌ†-SaÌ†rmaÌ„ : in a series of connected fables, interspersed with moral, prudential, and political maxims : translated from an ancient manuscript in the Sanskreet language / With explanatory notes by Charles Wilkins."1787	"Florian,"	"The history of Numa Pompilius, second king of Rome / translated from the French of Mon. de Florian, by Miss Elizabeth Morgan."1787	"Florian,"	"The adventures of Numa Pompilius, second king of Rome / translated from the French of M. de Florian : in two volumes."1787		"The Contrast, or The opposite consequences of good and evil habits : exhibited in the lowest ranks of rural life : for the benefit of intelligent servants and the best proficients in Sunday schools."1787	"CreÌÅbillon, Claude-Prosper Jolyot de,"	The sopha : a moral tale / translated from the French original of Monsieur Crebillon : two vols. in one.1787	"Mackenzie, Henry,"	The man of feeling.1787	"Blower, Elizabeth,"	"Maria : a novel, in two volumes / by the author of George Bateman ; vol. I[-II]"1787		"Emily Herbert, or, Perfidy punished : a novel in a series of letters."1787		Favourite tales : translated from the French.1787		"The Disinterested nabob : a novel : interspersed with genuine descriptions of India, its manners and customs."1787	"Bage, Robert,"	"The fair Syrian : a novel / by the author of Mount Henneth,   and Barham Downs ; in two volumes."1787	"Cartwright, H.,"	"Retaliation, or The history of Sir Edward Oswald and Lady Frances Seymour : a novel, in a series of letters : in four volumes / by Mrs. Cartwright."1787	"Smith, Charlotte Turner,"	The romance of real life / by Charlotte Smith : in three volumes.1787		The History of Captain and Miss Rivers ... [a novel]1787	"Keir, Elizabeth."	The history of Miss Greville ... By the author of Interesting memoirs ...1787	"Lee, Sophia,"	"The recess, or A tale of other times / by the author of the Chapter of accidents."1787	"Lee, Sophia,"	"The recess, or A tale of other times / by the author of the Chapter of accidents."1787	"Heriot, John,"	"The sorrows of the heart : a novel, in two volumes."1787	"Nicholson,"	"The village of Martindale : a novel, in two volumes."1787	"Nicholson,"	Orlando and Seraphina : a Turkish story.1787	"Fielding, Sarah,"	The history of Ophelia / published by the author of David Simple.1787	"Lennox, Charlotte,"	Henrietta / by Mrs. Lennox : in two volumes.1787	"Pigott, Harriet,"	"Excessive sensibility, or The history of Lady St. Laurence : a novel."1787	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The travels of Lemuel Gulliver into several remote nations of the world : Who was first a surgeon, and then a captain of several ships : In four parts."1787	"Hughes,"	"Caroline, or The diversities of fortune : a novel, in three volumes."1787	"Helme, Elizabeth,"	"Louisa; or, The cottage on the moor."1787	"Bage, Robert,"	"The fair Syrian : a novel / by the author of Mount Henneth, and Barham Downs ; in two volumes."1787	"Smith, Charlotte,"	The romance of real life. By Charlotte Smith ...1787	Young lady.	"Caroline, or The history of Miss Sedley / by a young lady : in two volumes."1787		"The Life of Cassem, the son of Hamid, a noble Arabian : translated from an oriental manuscript."1787		"The Disinterested nabob : a novel : interspersed with genuine descriptions of India, its manners and customs."1788		"The life and adventures of Bampfylde-Moore Carew, commonly called the king of the beggars being an impartial account of his life ... with his travels twice through great part of America: giving a particular account of the origin, government, laws, and customs of the gipsies; with the method of electing their king and a dictionary of the cant language used by the mendicants."1788	"Wollstonecraft, Mary, "	"Original stories, from real life : with conversations, calculated to regulate the affections, and form the mind to truth and goodness."1788	"Wollstonecraft, Mary, "	"Original stories, from real life : with conversations, calculated to regulate the affections, and form the mind to truth and goodness."1788	"Smith, Charlotte Turner,"	"Emmeline, the orphan of the castle / by Charlotte Smith : in four volumes."1788	"Mackenzie, Henry,"	The man of feeling.1788	"Collyer, Mary,"	"Letters from Felicia to Charlotte : containing a series of the most interesting events interspersed with moral reflections, chiefly tending to prove that the seeds of virtue are implanted in the mind of every reasonable being / by Mr. Collyer : in two volumes."1788		"The Life of Miss Catlane, or The ill effects of a hasty marriage, in a series of letters : being a complete narrative of real characters : to which is added, An essay on false friendship, or Satan\'s eye tooth."1788	"Renwick, William,"	The solicitudes of absence : a genuine tale.1788	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler,"	The invisible spy / by Explorabilis : in two volumes.1788	"Eustathius,"	Ismene and Ismenias : a novel translated from the French / by L. H. Le Moine.1788		"The new sylph, or, Guardian angel : a story."1788	"Hill, John,"	"The adventures of Mr. George Edwards, a creole. By Sir John Hill."1788	"Blower, Elizabeth,"	"Features from life, or A summer visit / by the author of George Bateman, and Maria : in two volumes."1788		"The Widow of Kent, or, The history of Mrs. Rowley : a novel."1788	"Reeve, Clara,"	"The exiles; or, Memoirs of the Count de Cronstadt. By Clara Reeve ..."1788	"Reeve, Clara,"	"The exiles; or, Memoirs of the Count de Cronstadt. By Clara Reeve ..."1788	"Reeve, Clara,"	"The exiles; or, Memoirs of the Count de Cronstadt. By Clara Reeve ..."1788		"Camilla, or The correspondence of a deceased friend : in three volumes."1788	"Gibbes, Phoebe."	"The niece, or The history of Sukey Thornby : a novel, in three volumes / by Mrs. P. Gibbes, author of the History of Lady Louisa Stroud."1788	"Mackenzie, Anna Maria."	"Retribution : a novel / by the author of the Gamesters, &c. : in three volumes."1788	"Brooke, Frances,"	The history of Lady Julia Mandeville : in two volumes / by the translator of Lady Catesby letters.1788	"Todd, Elizabeth,"	"The history of Lady Caroline Rivers : in a series of letters, in two volumes / by Miss Elizabeth Todd."1788		Illusions of sentiment : a descriptive and historic novel.1788		"The School for fathers, or The victim of a curse : a novel containing authentic memoirs and anecdotes, with historical facts : in two volumes."1788		"Saint Julian\'s Abbey : a novel, in a series of letters : in two volumes."1788	Author of the Bastard.	"Death\'s a friend : a novel / by the author of the Bastard, &c., &c."1788		"The minor, or History of George O\'Nial, Esq.."1788	"Hawke, Cassandra,"	Julia de Gramont / by the right honorable Lady H**** in two volumes.1788	"Hervey, Elizabeth,"	"Melissa and Marcia, or, The sisters : a novel."1788		"The amicable Quixote, or, The enthusiasm of friendship."1788		"Gulliver revived : containing singular travels, campaigns, voyages, and adventures in Russia, the Caspian Sea, Iceland, Turkey, Egypt, Gibralter, up the Mediterranean, on the Atlantic Ocean, and through the centre of Mount Etna into the South Sea : also, an Account of a voyage into the moon and Dog-star : with many extraordinary particulars relative to the cooking animal in those planets, which are here called the human species / by Baron Munchausen."1788	Lady.	"The Platonic guardian, or, History of an orphan / By a lady."1788	"Smith, Charlotte Turner,"	"Emmeline, the orphan of the castle."1788	"Smith, Charlotte Turner,"	"Emmeline, the orphan of the castle."1788	"Berkeley, George Monck,"	"Heloise, or, The siege of Rhodes : a legendary tale / by the author of Maria, or, The generous rustic."1788	"Wollstonecraft, Mary,"	"Original stories from real life : with conversations, calculated to regulate the affections and form the mind to truth and goodness."1788	"Trenck, Friedrich,"	"The life of Frederick, Baron Trenck / written by himself, and translated from the German ..."1788	"Smith, Charlotte,"	"Emmeline, the orphan of the castle / by Charlotte Smith ..."1789		"The power of sympathy: or, The triumph of nature.  Founded in truth."1789	"Cumberland, Richard,"	Arundel / by the author of the Observer.1789	"Moore, John,"	"Zeluco. Various views of human nature taken from life and manners, foreign and domestic ..."1789	"Fuller, Anne,"	"The son of Ethelwolf : an historical tale, in two volumes / by the author of Alan Fitz-Osborne, &c."1789	"Fuller, Anne,"	"The son of Ethelwolf : an historical tale / by the author of Alan Fitz-Osborne, &c."1789	Lady.	"Oswald Castle, or Memoirs of Lady Sophia Woodville : a novel / by a lady."1789	"Radcliffe, Ann Ward,"	The castles of Athlin and Dunbayne : a Highland story.1789	"Gomersall, A."	"Eleonora : a novel, in a series of letters / written by A female inhabitant of Leeds in Yorkshire."1789	"Daubenton,"	"ZeÌÅlie in the desert, or, The female Crusoe / translated from the French."1789	"Hayley, William,"	"The young widow; or, the history of Cornelia Sedley, in a series of letters."1789	"Hayley, William,"	"The young widow; or, the history of Cornelia Sedley, in a series of letters."1789	"Smythies,"	"The stage-coach. Containing the character of Mr. Manly, and the history of his fellow-travellers ..."1789		Memoirs of Charles Townly / (written by himself) : in three volumes.1789		The Man of benevolence.1789	"Norman, Elizabeth."	The child of woe : a novel / by Mrs. Elizabeth Norman : in three volumes.1789	"Smith, Charlotte Turner,"	"Ethelinde, or The recluse of the lake / by Charlotte Smith : in five volumes."1789	"C----,"	"Belinda, or, The fair fugitive : a novel / by Mrs. C---- : in two volumes."1789	"Cumberland, Richard,"	Arundel / by the author of the Observer.1789	"White, James,"	"Earl Strongbow, or, The history of Richard de Clare and the beautiful Geralda : in two volumes."1789		"The Triumphs of fortitude : a novel, in a series of letters : in two volumes."1789	Author of Eliza Cleland.	"The predestined wife, or Force of prejudice : a novel, in a series of letters / by the author of Edward and Sophia, Powis Castle, and Eliza Cleland : in two volumes."1789	"Bennett,"	"Agnes De-Courci : a domestic tale, in two volumes / by Mrs. Bennett ..."1789		"The life and adventures of Anthony Leger, Esq., or, The man of shifts."1789	"Heliodorus,"	The adventures of Theagenes and Chariclea : a romance / translated from the Greek of Heliodorus.1789	"Moore, John,"	"Zeluco. Various views of human nature taken from life and manners, foreign and domestic ..."1789	"Mathews, Charles,"	"Argus; the house-dog at Eadlip. Memoirs in a family correspondence, by the author of Constance and The pharos ..."1789	"Brown, William Hill,"	"The power of sympathy, or, The triumph of nature founded in truth : in two volumes."1789	"Smith, Charlotte,"	"Ethelinde, or The recluse of the lake. By Charlotte Smith ..."1789	"Norman, Elizabeth."	The child of woe : a novel / by Mrs. Elizabeth Norman : in three volumes.1790	"Cambon,"	"Young Grandison : a series of letters from young persons to their friends / translated from the Dutch of Madame de Cambon, with additions and improvements : in two volumes."1790	"Radcliffe, Ann Ward,"	A Sicilian romance / by the authoress of The castles of Athlin and Dunbayne [i.e. A.W. Radcliffe].1791	"Johnson, Samuel"	The prince of Abissinia: A tale1791	"Johnson, Samuel"	The prince of Abissinia: A tale1791	"Walpole, Horace"	The castle of Otranto: a Gothic story / tr. by William Marshal [!] gent. [pseud.] from the original Italian of Onuphrio Muralto [pseud.]1791	"Smith, Charlotte,"	Celestina. A novel ... By Charlotte Smith ...1791		"Monimia : a novel, in two volumes."1791	"Pigott, Harriet,"	"The labyrinths of life : a novel / by the author of Excessive sensibility, and Fatal follies : in four volumes."1792	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry: containing the adventures of Captain John Farrago, and Teague Oregan, his servant. Volume I[-IV]. By H.H. Brackenridge. [One line in Latin from Juvenal] Entered according to act of Congress."1792	"Belknap, Jeremy,"	"The foresters, an American tale: : being a sequel to the History of John Bull the clothier. In a series of letters to a friend."1792	"Belknap, Jeremy,"	"The foresters, an American tale: being a sequel to the History of John Bull the clothier. In a series of letters to a friend."1792	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry: : containing the adventures of Captain John Farrago, and Teague Oregan, his servant. : Volume I[-IV]. / By H.H. Brackenridge. ; [One line in Latin from Juvenal] Entered according to act of Congress."1792	"Equiano, Olaudah,"	"The interesting narrative of the life of Olaudah Equiano, or Gustavus Vassa, the African / written by himself."1792	"Dibdin, Charles,"	"Hannah Hewit ; or, the female Crusoe : being the history of a woman [...] who [...] was cast away in the Grosvenor East-Indiaman and became for three years the sole inhabitant of an island in the South Seas / supposed to be written by herself [...]"1792	"Smith, Charlotte,"	Desmond : a novel / by Charlotte Smith.1792	"Smith, Charlotte Turner,"	Desmond : a novel / by Charlotte Smith.1793	"Bleecker, Ann Eliza,"	"The posthumous works of Ann Eliza Bleecker, in prose and verse. To which is added, a collection of essays, prose and poetical, by Margaretta V. Faugeres."1793		"The hapless orphan ; or, Innocent victim of revenge. A novel founded on incidents in real life in a series of letters from Caroline Francis to Maria B.Ì_Ì_Ì_Ì_ By an American lady."1793	"Smith, Charlotte,"	"The old manor house. A novel, in four volumes. By Charlotte Smith. ..."1793		"Stellins, or The new Werther : in two volumes."1794	"Rowson,"	"Charlotte, a tale of truth / by Mrs. Rowson ..."1794	"Rowson,"	"Mentoria; or The young lady\'s friend. : In two volumes. / By Mrs. Rowson, of the New-Threatre, Philadelphia: author of The inquisitor, Fille de chambre, Victoria, Charlotte, &c. &c."1794	"Rowson,"	"The inquisitor; or, Invisible rambler. In three volumes. By Mrs. Rowson  ..."1794	"Smith, Charlotte,"	The banished man. A novel. By Charlotte Smith ...1794	"Smith, Charlotte,"	The wanderings of Warwick / by Charlotte Smith.1794	"Liomin, Louis-Augustin,"	The shepherdess of Aranville : a romance / translated from the French of M. Liomin.1795	"Rowe, Elizabeth Singer,"	"Friendship in death, in twenty letters from the dead to the living : to which are added Letters moral and entertaining, in prose and verse : in three parts / by Mrs. Elizabeth Rowe."1795	"Pye, Henry James,"	"The democrat; or Intrigues and adventures of Jean le Noir, : from his inlistment as a drummer in General Rochembeau\'s army, and arrival in Boston, to his being driven from England in 1795, after having borne a conspicuous part in the French Revolution, and after a great variety of enterprizes, hazards and escapes during his stay in England, where he was sent in quality of democratic missionary. : In two volumes. Vol. I[-II]. : [Four lines of verse]"1795	"Rowson,"	Trials of the human heart : in four volumes / by Mrs. Rowson ...1795	"Mercier, Louis-SeÌÅbastien,"	"Memoirs of the year two thousand five hundred ... Tr. from the French, by W. Hooper, M. A."1795	"Linn, John Blair,"	"Miscellaneous works, prose and poetical. / By a young gentleman of New-York. ; [One line in Latin from Horace]"1795	"Pigott, Harriet,"	"Robert and Adela, or, The rights of women best maintained by the sentiments of nature."1795	"Smith, Charlotte,"	Montalbert. A novel By Charlotte Smith. In three volumes. ...1795	"Smith, Charlotte,"	"Montalbert : a novel / by Charlotte Smith ; in two volumes, vol. I[-II]."1795	"Bolas, Thomas."	"The English merchant, or, The fatal effects of speculation in the funds / by Thomas Bolas."1795		"The new novelist, or, Entertaining chronicle : containing the works of the most eminent authors, admired for their literary productions."1795	"Mercier, Louis-SeÌÅbastien,"	"Memoirs of the year two thousand five hundred ... Tr. from the French, by W. Hooper, M. A."1795	"Pye, Henry James,"	"The democrat; or Intrigues and adventures of Jean le Noir, : from his inlistment as a drummer in General Rochembeau\'s army, and arrival in Boston, to his being driven from England in 1795, after having borne a conspicuous part in the French Revolution, and after a great variety of enterprizes, hazards and escapes during his stay in England, where he was sent in quality of democratic missionary. : In two volumes. Vol. I[-II]. : [Four lines of verse]"1796	"Grosse, Carl,"	Horrid mysteries : a story / from the German of the Marquis of Grosse by P. Will : in four volumes.1796	"Belknap, Jeremy,"	"The foresters, an American tale; being a sequel to the History of John Bull the clothier. In a series of letters to a friend. Published according to act of Congress."1796	"Wollstonecraft, Mary, "	"Original stories from real life: with conversations, calculated to regulate the affections, and form the mind to truth and goodness."1796	"Wollstonecraft, Mary, "	"Original stories from real life: with conversations, calculated to regulate the affections, and form the mind to truth and goodness."1796	"Belknap, Jeremy, "	"The foresters, and American tale being a sequel to the history of John Bull, the clothier. In a series of letters to a friend."1796		"The Adventures of a pin : supposed to be related by himself, herself, or itself."1796	"Gunning,"	"Delves, a Welch Tale. By Mrs. Gunning."1796	"Lewis, M. G."	The monk: a romance.1796	"Meltzer, Adolph Heinrich,"	"Laura, or, The influence of a kiss / bij A.H. Geszner ; translated from the German."1796	"Robinson, Mary,"	"Hubert de Sevrac, a romance of the eighteenth century; by Mary Robinson ..."1796	"Smith, Charlotte,"	Marchmont : a novel / by Charlotte Smith.1796	"Gessner, Salomon"	Rural poems: translated from the original German of M. Gesner.1796	"Burney, Frances"	"Camilla: or, A picture of youth. By the author of Evelina, and Cecilia ..."1796	"Bage, Robert,"	"Hermsprong, or, Man as he is not : a novel, in three volumes / by the author of Man as he is."1796	"Belknap, Jeremy,"	"The foresters, an American tale: being a sequel to the history of John Bull, the clothier. In a series of letters to a friend."1796	"Godwin, William,"	"Things as they are; or, The adventures of Caleb Williams. By William Godwin ..."1797		"The American bee; a collection of entertaining histories. Selected from different authors, and calculated for amusement and instruction."1797	"Ducray-Duminil,"	"Ambrose and Eleanor; or, the adventures of two children deserted on an uninhabited island. Translated from the French. With alterations, adapting it to the perusal of youth, for whose amusement and instruction it is designed. By the author of The Adventures of the six princesses of Babylon, Juvenile magazine, Visit for a week, &c."1797	"Lyttelton, George Lyttelton,"	Dialogues of the dead. / By the late Lord (George) Lyttleton.1797	"Butler, James,"	"Fortune\'s foot-ball: or, The adventures of Mercutio. : Founded on matters of fact. : A novel, in two volumes. / By James Butler. ; Vol. I[-II]."1797	"Tyler, Royall,"	"The Algerine captive, or The life and adventures of Doctor Updike Underhill, six years a prisoner among the Algerines."1797	"Robinson, Mary,"	"Walsingham; or, The pupil of nature. A domestic story. By Mary Robinson ..."1797	"Carver,"	The horrors of Oakendale Abbey / by the author of Elizabeth.1797	"Lee, Harriet,"	Canterbury tales ...1798	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	Wieland; or The transformation. An American tale. [Four lines of verse] Copy-right secured.1798	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	Wieland; or The transformation. An American tale. [Four lines of verse] Copy-right secured.1798		"Amelia; or, The faithless Briton. An original American novel, founded upon recent facts. To which is added, Amelia, or Malevolence defeated; and, Miss Seward\'s Monody on Major Andre."1798	"Rowson,"	"Reuben and Rachel; or, Tales of old times. A novel. By Mrs. Rowson ..."1798	"Murray, Judith Sargent,"	The gleaner. A miscellaneous production ... By Constantia [pseud.] ...1798	Young lady of the state of New-York.	"The fortunate discovery. Or, The History of Henry Villars. / By a young lady of the state of New-York."1798	"Foster, Hannah Webster,"	"The boarding school; or, Lessons of a preceptress to her pupils: : consisting of information, instruction, and advice, calculated to improve the manners, and form the character of young ladies. : To which is added, a collection of letters, written by the pupils, to their instructor, their friends, and each other. / By a lady of Massachusetts; author of The coquette.; Published according to act of Congress."1798	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Wieland; or, The transformation. An American tale ..."1798	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	Octavia / by Anna Maria Porter.1799	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	Ormond; or the secret witness. By the author of Wieland; or The transformation.1799		"Edgar Huntly; or, Memoirs of a sleep-walker. To which is annexed, The death of Cicero, a fragment. By the author of Arthur Mervyn, Wieland, Ormond, &c. Vol. III."1799	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Arthur Mervyn; or, Memoirs of the year 1793. By the author of Wieland; and Ormond, or The secret witness. Copy-right secured."1799	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Edgar Huntly; or, Memoirs of a sleep-walker. By the author of Arthur Mervyn, Wieland,--Ormond, &c. Vol I[-III]."1799	"Chetwood, W.R. (William Rufus), "	"The voyages and adventures of Captain Robert Boyle : in several parts of the world. Intermixed with the story of Miss Villars, an English lady, with whom he made his surprising escape from Barbary. Likewise including the history of an Italian captive, and the life of Don Pedro Aquilio, &c. Full of various and amazing turns of fortune."1799	"Chetwood, W.R. (William Rufus), "	"The voyages and adventures of Captain Robert Boyle : in several parts of the world. Intermixed with the story of Miss Villars, an English lady, with whom he made his surprising escape from Barbary. Likewise including the history of an Italian captive, and the life of Don Pedro Aquilio, &c. Full of various and amazing turns of fortune."1799	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Arthur Mervyn; or, Memoirs of the year 1793 ..."1799	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Arthur Mervyn; or, Memoirs of the year 1793 ..."1799	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Ormond; or, The secret witness. By the Author of Wieland; or, The transformation."1799	"Campbell, Donald,"	"A narrative of the extraordinary adventures, and sufferings by shipwreck & imprisonment, of Donald Campbell, esq., of Barbreck : with the singular humours of his Tartar guide, Hassan Artaz : comprising the occurrences of four years and five days, in an overland journey to India : In a series of letters to his son. : [Three lines from Young]"1799	"Marmontel, Jean FranÃ§ois,"	"The widow of the village, or, Adventures of innocence. : A moral tale, / by the celebrated Marmontel. ; Translated from the original French, by Mr. Heron. ; To which is added, The error of a good father."1799	"Gunning,"	The gipsy countess: : a novel. / By Miss Gunning. ; In two volumes.1799	"Reeve, Clara,"	"Destination, or, Memoirs of a private family / by Clara Reeve ..."1799	"Robinson, Mary,"	The natural daughter : with portraits of the Leadenhead family : a novel / by Mrs. Robinson.1799	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Arthur Mervyn; or, Memoirs of the year 1793."1800	"Mackenzie, Henry"	The man of feeling by Henry Mackenzie1800	"Davis, John, "	"The farmer of New Jersey: or, A picture of domestic life. A tale /  |c By the translator of Buonaparte\'s campaign, author of Ferdinand and Elizabeth, &c. &c."1800	"More, Hannah, "	"The two wealthy farmers :  or, The history of Mr. Bragwell / [Hannah More]"1800		Lost at sea.1800	"Percival, Thomas,"	"A father\'s instructions : consisting of moral tales, fables, and reflections, designed to promote the love of virtue, a taste for knowledge, and an early acquaintance with the works of nature / by Thomas Percival ..."1800		Choice tales; : consisting of an elegant collection of delightful little pieces for the instruction & amusement of young persons.1800	"Darton, William,"	"Little truths better than great fables : containing information on divers subjects, for the instruction of children : Illustrated with copper-plates."1800	"Roche, Regina Maria,"	Nocturnal visit : a tale / By Maria Regina Roche.1800	"Smith,"	A family story / by Mr. Smith.1800	"Smith, Charlotte,"	The letters of a solitary wanderer : containing narratives of various description / by Charlotte Smith.1800	"Walker, George,"	The vagabond : a novel / by George Walker.1801	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Jane Talbot: a novel/ by the author of Arthur Mervyn, Wieland, Ormond, Edgar Huntley, and Clara Howard."1801	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Jane Talbot: a novel/ by the author of Arthur Mervyn, Wieland, Ormond, Edgar Huntley, and Clara Howard."1801	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	Clara Howard ; in a series of letters / by the author of Wieland.1801	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Edgar Huntly, or, Memoirs of a sleep-walker / by the author of Arthur Mervyn, Wieland,-- Ormond &c."1801	"Rowson,"	The history of Charlotte Temple : founded on fact / by Mrs. Rowson.1801	American.	"Humanity in Algiers, or, The story of Azem / by an American, late a slave in Algiers."1801	"Lewis, M. G."	"Tales of wonder. Containing: The castle of enchantment; or, The mysterious deception. The robber\'s daughter; or, The magic legacy; and the enchanted knight."1801		Tales of terror : with an introductory dialogue.1801	"Lewis, M. G."	Tales of wonder; / written and collected by M.G. Lewis ... ; In two volumes.1802	"Roche, Regina Maria,"	"The vicar of Lansdowne, or, Country quarters / by Regina Maria Roche."1803	"West, Jane,"	"The advantages of education, or, The history of Maria Williams : a tale for very young ladies / by the author of A gossip\'s story, A tale of the times, &c."1804	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry : containing the adventures of a captain, and Teague O\'Regan, his servant / By H. H. Brackenridge. Volume I."1804		Adelaide de Grammont : a romance of the fifteenth century.1804	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	The lake of Killarney: a novel ... By Anna Maria Porter ...1805	"Bunyan, John, "	The pilgrim\'s progress.1805		"Love and satire: containing the sarcastic correspondence of Julius and Eliza. To which is prefixed, a few brief memoirs of an unfortunate lover [...]"1806		Adventures in a castle : An original story / written by a citizen of Philadelphia.1806	"Opie, Amelia, "	Simple tales1806	"Opie, Amelia, "	Simple tales1806	"Davis, John,"	"The first settlers of Virginia : an historical novel, exhibiting a view of the rise and progress of the colony at Jamestown, a picture of Indian manners, the countenance of the country, and its natural productions."1806	"Satchel, John."	Thornton Abbey : a series of letters on religious subjects.1807	"Maturin, Charles Robert,"	"Fatal revenge ; or, The family of Montorio. : a romance. / by Dennis Jasper Murphy. ; In three volumes."1807	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	The Hungarian brothers ... By Miss Anna Maria Porter ...1807	"Roche, Regina Maria,"	The children of the abbey : a tale.1808	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry: containing the adventures of a captain, and Teague O\'Regan, his servant / By H. H. Brackenridge. Volume I."1808	"Corp, Harriet. "	An antidote to the miseries of human life : in the history of the widow Placid and her daughter Rachael.1808	"Corp, Harriet. "	An antidote to the miseries of human life : in the history of the widow Placid and her daughter Rachael.1808	"Hassal, Mary."	"Secret history, or, The horrors of St. Domingo / in a series of letters written by a lady at Cape Francois, to Colonel Burr ..."1808	"Lewis, M. G."	"Romantic tales, by M.G. Lewis ..."1808	"Trelawney, Anne."	"Characters at Brighton : a novel in four volumes / by Anne Trelawney, author of The Offspring of Mortimer, & c &c."1809	"Irving, Washington,"	"A history of New York, from the beginning of the world to the end of the Dutch dynasty, containing among many surprising and curious matters, the unutterable ponderings of Walter the Doubter, the disastrous projects of William the Testy, and the chivalric achievements of Peter the Headstrong, the three Dutch governors of New Amsterdam; being the only authentic history of the times that ever hath been, or ever will be published, by Diedrich Knickerbocker."1809	"Le Sage, Alain Rene, "	"The Adventures of Gil Blas of Santillana v.1, v.2"1809	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	"Don Sebastian; or, The House of Braganza an historical romance ... by Miss Anna Maria Porter."1810	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of the adventures of Joseph Andrews, and his friend Mr. Abraham Adams. Written in imitation of the manner of Cervantes, author of Don Quixote."1810	"Edgeworth, Maria,"	The modern Griselda : a tale / by Miss Edgeworth.1810	"Edgeworth, Maria,"	The modern Griselda : a tale / by Miss Edgeworth.1810	"Bunyan, John,"	"A true relation of the holy war, made by King Shaddai upon Diabolus, for the regaining of the metropolis of the world; or, The losing and taking again of the town of Mansoul. By John Bunyan."1810	"Johnson, R."	The blossoms of morality : intended for the amusement and instruction of young ladies and gentlemen / by the editor of The looking-glass for the mind.1810	"Ryley, S. W."	"The itinerant, or Memoirs of an actor / by S.W. Ryley : in two volumes."1810	"More, Hannah,"	"Coelebs in search of a wife. Comprehending observations on domestic habits and manners, religion and morals."1810	"Byron, Medora Gordon."	"The alderman and the peer, or, The ancient castle & modern villa : in three volumes / by Miss Byron."1810	"West,"	"The refusal. By the author of the """"Tale of the times,"""" """"Infidel father,"""" &c."""1810	"Fowler, George."	"The wandering philanthropist; or, Lettres [sic] from a Chinese. Written during his residence in the United States. Discovered and edited by George Fowler."1810		"Dame Partlet\'s farm : containing an account of the great riches she obtained by industry, the good life she led, and alas good reader! her sudden death : to which is added, a hymn, written by Dame Partlett, just before her death, and an epitaph for her tomb stone."1810		"Rosa; or, American genius and education."1810	"Cottin,"	"The Saracen; or, Matilda and Malek Adhel, a crusade romance, from the French of Madame Cottin, with an historical introduction, by J. Michaud."1810	"Hunter, Rachel,"	Letters from Mrs. Palmerstone  to her daughter; inculcating morality by entertaining narratives. By Mrs. Hunter.1810	"Cottin,"	"Elizabeth, or, The exiles of Siberia."1810	"Porter, Anna Maria."	The lake of Killarney : a novel in two volumes / by Anna Maria Porter.1810	"Smith, Charlotte Turner,"	The old manor house : a novel / By Charlotte Smith.1810	"Cuthbertson, Catherine,"	Forest of Montalbano : a novel / by the author of Santo Sebastiano and The romance of the Pyrenees.1810		Anne of Brittany : an historical romance.1810	"Walsh,"	"The officer\'s daughter ; or, A visit to Ireland in 1790 / By the Daughter of a Captain in the Navy, deceased."1810		"The avenger ; or, The Sicilian vespers : a romance of the thirteenth century, not inapplicable to the nineteenth."1810	Friend to St. Peter.	"The trial of Antichrist, otherwise, the man of sin, for high treason against the Son of God ... / taken in short hand by a friend to St. Peter."1810	"Corp, Harriet."	An antidote to the miseries of human life in the history of the     widow Placid and her daughter Rachel.1810	"Goldsmith, Oliver,"	The vicar of Wakefield : a tale.1810		"The adulteress, or, Anecdotes of two noble families : A tale : In four volumes / By an English-woman."1810	"Benson, Maria."	The wife : a novel : in three volumes / by Maria Benson.1810		"The British novelists : with an essay, and prefaces, biographical and criticial / by Mrs. Barbauld."1810	"Richardson, Samuel,"	"Clarissa, or, The history of a young lady : comprehending the most important concerns of private life : and particularly shewing the distresses that may attend the misconduct both of parents and children, in relation to marriage."1810	"Richardson, Samuel,"	The history of Sir Charles Grandison : in a series of letters / Samuel Richardson.1810	"Defoe, Daniel,"	"The life and surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner : who lived eight-and-twenty years, all alone, on an uninhabited island, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque : With an account of his travels round three parts of the globe / Written by himself."1810	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of the adventures of Joseph Andrews, and his friend, Mr. Abraham Adams : Written in imitation of the manner of Cervantes ... / by Henry Fielding."1810	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The history of Tom Jones, a foundling / Henry Fielding."1810	"Reeve, Clara,"	"The Old English Baron : a Gothic story / [Clara Reeve]. The Castle of Otranto : a Gothic story / Horace Walpole, Earl of Orford."1810	"Coventry, Francis,"	"The history of Pompey the Little, or the life and adventures of a lap-dog / by Mrs. Coventry. The Vicar of Wakefield : a tale. By Dr. Goldsmith."1810	"Lennox, Charlotte,"	"The female Quixote, or The adventures of Arabella / by Mrs. Lennox."1810	"Johnson, Samuel,"	"The history of Rasselas, prince of Abissinia / By Samuel Johnson. Almoran and Hamet : An oriental tale / By Dr. Hawkesworth."1810	"Inchbald,"	A simple story / by Mrs. Inchbald.1810	"Mackenzie, Henry,"	"The man of feeling : and Julia de RoubigneÌÅ, a tale, in a  series of letters / by Henry Mackenzie, esq."1810	"Smollett, Tobias George,"	The expedition of Humphry Clinker / by the author of Roderick Random.1810	"Graves, Richard,"	"The spiritual Quixote, or the summersÌ• ramble of Mr. Geoffry   Wildgoose : a comic romance to which is prefixed the life of the author."1810	"Moore, John,"	"Zeluco : various views of human nature, taken from life and  manners, foreign and domestic / by Dr. Moore."1810	"Smith, Charlotte Turner,"	The old manor house / By Charlotte Smith.1810	"Burney, Fanny,"	"Evelina, or, The history of a young lady\'s introduction to the world."1810	"Burney, Fanny,"	"Cecilia, or, Memoirs of an heiress / by the author of Evelina."1810	"Radcliffe, Ann Ward,"	"The romance of the forest : interspersed with some pieces of poetry / by the authoress of """"A Sicilian romance,"""" &c."""1810	"Radcliffe, Ann Ward,"	The mysteries of Udolpho : a romance : interspersed with some    pieces of poetry / by Ann Radcliffe.1810	"Bage, Robert,"	"Man as he is not ; or, Hermsprong / Robert Bage."1810	"Edgeworth, Maria,"	Belinda / Maria Edgeworth.1810	"Argus, Arabella."	"The juvenile spectator : being observations on the tempers, manners, and foibles of various young persons : interspersed with such lively   matter as it is presumed will amuse as well as instruct / by Arabella Argus."1810	"Rousseau, Jean-Jacques,"	"Eloisa : a series of letters / translated from the French of J.J. Rousseau; to which are added, The adventures of Lord B- at Rome, being the sequel of Eloisa (found among the author\'s papers after his decease)."1810		"The history of Jacob Newman, the shipwrecked Irish boy."1810	"Dorset, Catherine Ann Turner,"	"Think before you speak, or, The three wishes : a tale / by the author of the Peacock at home."1810		"The Affecting narrative of Peggy and Patty Summers, or, The sisters of Ashdale : their unfortunate meeting with Capt. Jackall at Carlisle, who personated their brother : His introducing them to Lord Racket, (who he was employed by) as an acquaintance of his : the abominable art used to ruin them : and an account of their father\'s journey to London, His finding them in keeping, and not being able to get access to them was the cause of his death."1810	"Edgeworth, Maria,"	Belinda / Maria Edgeworth.1810		"Rosa; or, American genius and education."1810		"Caroline Ormsby ; or, The real Lucilla: a tale for the female sex. Interspersed with sketches moral and religious."1810	"Lamb, Charles,"	"Mrs. Leicester\'s school, or, The history of several young ladies : related by themselves."1810	"Ward, Catherine G."	The daughter of St. Omar : a novel in two volumes / by Catharine G. Ward.1810	"Johnson, R."	The blossoms of morality : intended for the amusement and instruction of young ladies and gentlemen / by the editor of The looking-glass for the mind.1811	"Bunyan, John,"	"The pilgrim\'s progress from this world to that which is to come, delivered under the similitude of a dream / by John Bunyan."1811	"Hamilton, Elizabeth,"	"Translation of the letters of a Hindoo rajah; written previous to, and during the period of his residence in England. To which is prefixed, a preliminary dissertation on the history, religion, and manners, of the Hindoos. By Elizabeth Hamilton."1811	"Klopstock, Friedrich Gottlieb,"	"The messiah / attempted from the German of Mr. Klopstock, by Mr. Collyer ..."1811	"Klopstock, Friedrich Gottlieb,"	"The Messiah / from the German of Klopstock. The first sixteen books by Mrs. Collyer, and the three last by Mrs. Meeke. To which is prefixed, An introduction on divine poetry. In two volumes."1811	"Williams, John,"	"The captivity and deliverance of Mr. John Williams, pastor of the church in Deerfield, and Mrs. Mary Rowlandson, of Lancaster, who were taken, together with their families and neighbors, by the French and Indians, and carried into Canada. Written by themselves."1811	"Brunton, Mary,"	Self-control: a novel.1811	"Helme, Elizabeth,"	Instructive rambles in London and the adjacent villages : Designed to amuse the mind and improve the understanding of youth / by Elizabeth Helme.1811	"Wall, Anton"	Amatonda : a tale from the German of Anton Wall.1811		"A short account of the courtship of Alonzo & Melissa : setting forth their hardships and difficulties, caused by the barbarity of an unfeeling father / by Daniel Jackson, Jun."1811		"The Asylum, or, Alonzo and Melissa : an American tale, founded on fact / by I. Mitchell."1811	"Foster, Hannah Webster,"	"The coquette, or, The history of Eliza Wharton : a novel, founded on fact / by a lady of Massachusetts."1811	"Irving, Washington,"	"Salmagundi : or, The whim-whams and opinions of Launcelot Langstaff, esq. and others ...."1811	"Parker, Emma."	"Elfrida, heiress of Belgrove : a novel. / By Emma Parker."1811	"Rose, Edward H."	"The sea-devil; or, Son of a bellows-mender : a tragi-comic romance of the present day. In two volumes. / By Edward Rose, seaman."1811	"Klopstock, Friedrich Gottlieb,"	"The Messiah / from the German of Klopstock. The first sixteen books by Mrs. Collyer, and the three last by Mrs. Meeke. To which is prefixed, An introduction on divine poetry. In two volumes."1811	"Nares, Edward,"	"Thinks-I-to-myself : a serio-ludicro, tragico-comico tale / written by Thinks-I-to-Myself, Who?"1811	"Nares, Edward,"	"Thinks-I-to-myself : a serio-ludicro, tragico-comico tale / written by Thinks-I-to-Myself, Who?"1811	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : To which is added an account of a battle between the ancient and modern books in St. James Library : with the author\'s apology, and explanatory notes / by W. Wotton, B.D. and others."1811	"Barrett, Eaton Stannard,"	"The metropolis, or, A cure for gaming ; interspersed with anecdotes of living characters in high life / by Cervantes Hogg [pseud]"1811	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Ormond : or, The secret witness / by B. C. Brown."1811	Lady.	"Julia de Vienne : a novel, imitated from the french / by a lady."1811	"Goulburn, Edward,"	Frederick de Montford : a novel / By the author of The pursuits of fashion.1811		"Bath and London ; or, Scenes in each : a novel."1811	"Austen, Jane,"	Sense and sensibility : a novel in three volumes / By a lady.1811	"Ellis, George,"	"Specimens of early English metrical romances : chiefly written during the early part of the fourteenth century ; to which is prefixed an historical introduction, intended to illustrate the rise and progress of romantic composition in France and England / by George Ellis, esq."1811		"Munchausen at Walcheren, or, A continuation of the renowned Barons surprising travels, adventures, expeditions, and exploits, at Walcheren, The Dardanelles, Talavera, Cintra, &c. &c. his various combats with Eastern armies: and the particulars of a wonderful turtle-feast with Sir W...... C...... on board his yacht, when preparing to attack Flushing. Written by himself."1811	"Porter, Jane,"	"The Scottish chiefs : a romance, in five volumes / by Miss Jane Porter."1811		"The Spirit of """"The book"""", or, Memoirs of Caroline, princess of Hasburgh : a political and amatory romance / edited by Thomas Ashe."""1811		Christmas tales : for the amusement and instruction of young ladies and gentlemen in winter evenings.1811		"The Arabian nights entertainments : carefully revised, and occasionally corrected from the Arabic : to which is added, a selection of new tales, now first translated from the Arabic originals, also, an introduction and notes, illustrative of the religion, manners and customs, of the Mahummedans / by Jonathan Scott."1811		"The Arabian nights entertainments : carefully revised, and occasionally corrected from the Arabic : to which is added, a selection of new tales, now first translated from the Arabic originals, also, an introduction and notes, illustrative of the religion, manners and customs, of the Mahummedans / by Jonathan Scott."1811		Anne of Brittany : an historical romance.1811	"Dacre, Charlotte,"	The passions : in four volumes / by Rosa Matilda.1811	"Radcliffe, Ann Ward,"	The castles of Athlin and Dunbayne : a Highland story / by Ann Radcliffe.1811	"Hawkins, Laetitia Matilda,"	"The countess and Gertrude, or, Modes of discipline / by Laetitia-Matilda Hawkins ; in four volumes."1811		Worthingham-lease : a tale / by _____.1811	"Bigland, John,"	"The philosophical wanderers, or, The history of the Roman tribune, and the priestess of Minerva : exhibiting the vicissitudes that diversify the fortunes of nations and individuals / by John Bigland."1811	"Lawrence, James,"	"The empire of the Nairs, or, The rights of women : An Utopian romance, in twelve books / by James Lawrence."1811	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : To which is added an account of a battle between the ancient and modern books in St. James Library : with the author\'s apology, and explanatory notes / by W. Wotton, B.D. and others."1811	"John Bigland, "	"The philosophical wanderers or, The history of the Roman tribune, and the priestess of Minerva : exhibiting the vicissitudes that diversify the fortunes of nations and individuals / by John Bigland."1811	"Brunton, Mary,"	Self-control: a novel.1811	"Jackson, Daniel,"	"The asylum; or, Alonzo and Melissa. An American tale, founded on fact. By I. Mitchell."1812	"Weber, Henry William,"	"Tales of the East : comprising the most popular romances of oriental origin, and the best imitations by European authors : with new translations, and additional tales, never before published. To which is prefixed an introductory dissertation ... / by Henry Weber."1812	"Opie, Amelia Alderson,"	The father and daughter : a tale / by Amelia Opie.1812	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of the Rev. Jonathan Swift, D.D., Dean of St. Patrick\'s, Dublin / Arranged by Thomas Sheridan, A.M. with notes, historical and critical."1812	"Opie, Amelia Alderson,"	"Temper, or, Domestic scenes : a tale, in three volumes / by Mrs. Opie."1812	"Ashe, Thomas,"	"The liberal critic, or, Memoirs of Henry Percy : conveying a     correct estimate of the manners and principles of the present times/ By      Thomas Ashe, Esq."1812	"Bigelow, Jacob,"	The wars of the gulls : an historical romance : In three chapters.1812	"West,"	"The loyalists : an historical novel / by the author of """"Letters to a young man,"""" """"A tale of the times,"""" &c."""1812	"West,"	"The loyalists : an historical novel / by the author of """"Letters to a young man,"""" """"A tale of the times,"""" &c."""1812	"Burney, Sarah Harriet,"	"Traits of nature / by Miss Burney, author of Clarentine, Geraldine Fauconberg, &c."1812	"Bury, Charlotte Campbell,"	Self-indulgence : a tale of the nineteenth century.1812	"Macneill, Hector,"	"The Scottish adventurers, or, the way to rise : an historical tale / by Hector Macneill."1812	"Jacson, Frances,"	Things by their right names : a novel / by a person without a name.1812		"Rosamund, Countess of Clarenstein."1812		"The spirit of """"The book"""" or, Memoirs of Caroline princess of        Hasburg : a political and amatory romance : In one volume / Edited by     Thomas Ashe, Esq."""1812	"Hamilton, Elizabeth,"	The cottagers of Glenburnie : a tale for the farmer\'s fire-side / by Elizabeth Hamilton.1812	"Hamilton, Elizabeth,"	The cottagers of Glenburnie : a tale for the farmer\'s fire-side / by Elizabeth Hamilton.1812	"Serres, Olivia Wilmot,"	"Memoirs of a princess, or, First love : an historical romance / by Olivia W. S----, author of """"The book."""1812	"Barlow, F."	"A sequel to Coelebs, or, The Stanley letters : containing observations on religion and morals, with anecdotes founded on fact."1812	"Gunning,"	"Dangers through life, or, The victim of seduction : a novel / by Mrs. Plunkett (late Miss Gunning)."1812	"Porter, Jane,"	Thaddeus of Warsaw / by Miss Porter.1812		"Popular romances : consisting of imaginary voyages and travels : Containing Gulliver\'s travels, Journey to the world under ground, The life and adventures of Peter Wilkins, The adventures of Robinson Crusoe, and The history of Automathes / to which is prefixed an introductory dissertation, by Henry Weber, esq."1812	"Stuart, Augusta Amelia."	"Cava of Toledo, or, The Gothic princess : A romance / by Augusta Amelia Stuart."1812	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"A tale of a tub : written for the universal improvement of mankind : To which is added, An account of a battle between the ancient and modern books in St. James\'s Library : with the author\'s apology, and explanatory notes / by W. Wotton and others."1812	"Johnson, Samuel,"	"The history of Rasselas, Prince of Abyssinia : A tale / By Samuel Johnson, LL.D."1812	"Ashe, Thomas,"	"The spirit of The book, or, Memoirs of Caroline princess of Hasburgh : a political and amatory romance : in one volume / edited by Thomas Ashe."1812	"Irving, Washington,"	"A history of New York, from the beginning of the world to the end of the Dutch dynasty : containing among many surprising and curious matters, the unutterable ponderings of Walter the Doubter, the disastrous projects of William the Testy, and the chivalric achievements of Peter the Headstrong, the three Dutch governors of New-Amsterdam : being the only authentic history of the times that ever hath been published / by Diedrich Knickerbocker."1812	"Paulding, James Kirke,"	The diverting history of John Bull and Brother Jonathan / by Hector Bull-us.1812		"The History of Capt. Thomas Parismas : containing a particular account of the cruel and barbarous treatment of a young lady, who was the wife of Mr. James Negotio, a merchant, in the East Indies ..."1812	"Finch, John"	The Soldier\'s orphan : a novel.1812	"Montolieu, Isabelle de,"	"Sentimental anecdotes / by Madame de Montolieu ; translated from the French by Mrs. Plunkett, formerly Miss Gunning."1812		The Blackbird\'s nest : a tale.1812	"Edgeworth, Maria,"	The Absentee : a tale / by Miss Edgeworth.1812	"Richardson, Samuel,"	The history of Sir Charles Grandison / abridged from the works of Samuel Richardson.1812	"Bigelow, Jacob"	The wars of the gulls : an historical romance : In three chapters ..1812		"The surprising adventures of Bampfylde Moore Carew, king of the beggars  containing his life, a dictionary of the cant language and many entertaining particulars of that extraordinary man."1812		"The surprising adventures of Bampfylde Moore Carew, king of the beggars  containing his life, a dictionary of the cant language and many entertaining particulars of that extraordinary man."1812	"Opie, Amelia, "	"Temper or, Domestic scenes, a tale, in three volumes. by Mrs. Opie."1812	"Burney, Sarah Harriet,"	"Traits of nature / by Miss Burney, author of Clarentine, &c."1812	"Mant, Alicia Catherine."	"Ellen, or, The young godmother : a tale for youth / by a young lady."1812	"Ashe, Thomas,"	"The spirit of ""The book"", or, Memoirs of Caroline princess of Hasburgh : a political and amatory romance : in one volume / edited by Thomas Ashe."1813	"More, Hannah,"	"Coelebs in search of a wife : comprehending observations on domestic habits and manners, religion and morals."1813	"Grant, Anne MacVicar,"	"Letters from the mountains; being the real correspondence of a lady, between the years 1773 and 1807."1813		"An interesting account of the voyages and travels of Captains Lewis and Clarke, in the years 1804-5, & 6 : giving a faithful description of the river Missouri and its source--of the various tribes of Indians through which they passed--manners and customs--soil--climate--commerce--gold and silver mines--animal and vegetable productions : interspersed with very entertaining anecdotes ... : to which is added a complete dictionary of the Indian tongue / by William Fisher, Esq."1813	"Lamb, Charles,"	Tales from Shakspeare : designed for the use of young persons ...1813	"Painter, William,"	"The palace of pleasure, beautified, adorned, and well furnished with pleasant histories and excellent novels, very requisite for delight and profit : Chosen and selected out of divers good and commendable authors."1813	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1813		The ordeal : a novel : in three volumes.1813	"Roche, Regina Maria,"	"The monastery of St. Columb, or, The atonement : a novel / by Regina Maria Roche."1813	"West,"	"The loyalists : an historical novel / by the author of """"Letters to a young man"""", """"A tale of the times"""", &c."""1813	"Cuthbertson, Catherine."	"Adelaide, or, The countercharm : a novel.../ By the author of """"Santo Sebastiano, or, The young protector,"""" """"Romance of the Pyrenees,"""" and """"The forest of Montalbano"""" ..."""1813	"Dallas, Robert Charles,"	The miscellaneous works and novels of R. C. Dallas.1813	"Hutton, Catherine,"	The miser married : a novel / by Catherine Hutton.1813	"Opie, Amelia Alderson,"	Tales of real life / by Mrs. Opie.1813		"True and infernal friendship, or, The wisdom of Eve : and The character of the serpent, with the situations, joys, and loss of Paradise ..."1813	"Rowson,"	"Sarah, or the Exemplary wife / By Susanna Rowson."1813	"StaeÌˆl,"	"Zulma, and other tales : to which is prefixed an essay on fictions / By the Baroness de Stael Holstein ; Translated from the French."1813	"Genlis, SteÌÅphanie FeÌÅliciteÌÅ,"	"Sainclair, or The victim to the arts and sciences, and Hortense, or The victim to novels and travel : A novel, in two volumes / Translated from the French of Madame de Genlis by Archibald Haralson ; To which is prefixed, a tale of the celebrated M. Florian, entitled Claudine, or The Savoyarde."1813	"Knight, Ellis Cornelia,"	Dinarbas : a tale.1813	"Lawrence, James"	"The empire of the Nairs,  or, The rights of women : An Utopian romance, in twelve books / by James Lawrence. In four volumes."1813	"Burney, Sarah Harriet,"	"Traits of nature, by Miss Burney, author of Clarentine, &c. In five volumes."1813	"Collyer, Mary,"	The death of Cain : in five books ; according to the manner of The death of Abel by Mr. Gessner.1813	"Robinson, Mary,"	Angelina : a novel / by Mary Robinson.1813	"Ross,"	"The Marchioness!!! or, """"The matured enchantress"""" By Lady."""1813	"Temple, Edmond."	The life of Pill Garlick; rather a whimsical sort of fellow.1814	"Weston, Anna Maria."	"Pleasure and pain, or The fate of Ellen : a novel / by Anna Maria Weston."1814	"Hawkins, Laetitia Matilda,"	"Rosanne, or, A father\'s labour lost / by Laetitia-Matilda Hawkins."1814	"Leadbeater, Mary,"	Tales for cottagers : accomodated to the present condition of the Irish peasantry / by Mary Leadbetter and Elizabeth Shakleton.1814	"Dow, Lorenzo,"	"History of Cosmopolite, or The four volumes of Lorenzo\'s journal, concentrated in one : containing his experience and travels, from childhood to 1814, being upwards of thirty-six years."1814	"Helme, Elizabeth ;"	"Instructive rambles in London, and the adjacent villages. Designed to amuse the mind, and improve the understanding of youth. By Elizabeth Helm."1814	"Brunton, Mary,"	Discipline: a novel. By the author of Self-Control.1814	"West,"	"Alicia de Lacy : an historical romance / by the author of """"The loyalists,"""" &c."""1814	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of Jonathan Swift D. D., Dean of St. patrick\'s, Dublin : containing additional letters, tracts, and poems, not hitherto published / with notes, and a life of the author, by Sir Walter Scott, bart."1814	"Swift, Jonathan,"	"The works of Jonathan Swift D. D., Dean of St. patrick\'s, Dublin : containing additional letters, tracts, and poems, not hitherto published / with notes, and a life of the author, by Sir Walter Scott, bart."1814	"Austen, Jane,"	"Mansfield Park: a novel.  In three volumes. By the author of """"Sense and sensibility"""", and """"Pride and prejudice"""" ..."""1814		Shakespeare\'s jest book / [edited by Samuel Weller Singer].1814	"Harington, John,"	"The metamorphosis of Ajax : a cloacinean satire, with the Anatomy and Apology, to which is added, Ulysses upon Ajax."1814	"Battersby, John"	"Tell-tale sophas : an eclectic fable in three volumes : Founded on anecdotes, foreign and domestic / By John Battersby."1814	"Corp, Harriet."	"An antidote to the miseries of human life, in the history of the widow Placid and her daughter Rachel / by Harriet Corp."1814	"Leadbeater, Mary,"	Tales for cottagers : accomodated to the present condition of the Irish peasantry / by Mary Leadbetter and Elizabeth Shakleton.1814	"Cottin,"	"Elizabeth, or, The exiles of Siberia : A tale founded on facts / From the French of Madame de Cottin, by Mrs. Meeke."1814	"Hervey, Elizabeth,"	"Amabel, or, Memoirs of a woman of fashion / By Mrs. Hervey."1814	"Smith, Charlotte Turner,"	"Ethelinde, or, The recluse of the lake : a novel / by Charlotte Smith."1814	"Morgan,"	"O\'Donnel : a national tale / by Lady Morgan, (late Miss Owenson)."1814	"Irving, Washington,"	"Salmagundi, or, the whim-whams and opinions of Launcelot Langstaff, Esq. and others."1814		The Old bachelor.1814	"Hutton, Catherine,"	The miser married : a novel : in two volumes / by Catherine Hutton.1814	"Walker, George,"	"The vagabond, or, Practical infidelity : a novel / by George Walker."1814	"Chateaubriand, FrancÌ§ois-ReneÌÅ,"	"Atala : or, The love and constancy of two savages in the desert / translated from the French of F.A. Chateaubriand by Caleb Bingham."1814		Comic tales in prose and verse : comprising a selection from the most celebrated authors.1814	"Cunningham, J. W."	The velvet cushion.1814	"Corp, Harriet."	"A sequel to the Antidote to the miseries of human life, containing a further account of Mrs. Placid and her daughter Rachel."1814	"West,"	"Alicia de Lacy : an historical romance / by the author of """"The loyalists,"""" &c."""1814	"Edgeworth, Maria,"	Patronage / by Maria Edgeworth.1814	"Meeke, Mary,"	Midnight weddings : a novel / by Mrs. Meeke.1814	"Roberts,"	Duty : a novel / by the late Mrs. Roberts ... interspersed with poetry and preceded by a character of the author by Mrs. Opie.1814	"Murray, Hugh,"	"Corasmin, or, The minister : a romance / by the author of the Swiss emigrants."1814	"Hanway, Mary Ann."	"Christabelle, the maid of Rouen : a novel founded on facts / by Mrs. Hanway."1814	"Burney, Fanny,"	"The wanderer, or, Female difficulties / by the author of Evelina, Cecilia, and Camilla."1814	"Burney, Fanny,"	"The wanderer, or, Female difficulties / by Madame d\'Arblay, author of Evelina, Cecilia, and Camilla."1814	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	The recluse of Norway / by Miss Anna Maria Porter.1814	"Hawkins, Laetitia Matilda,"	"Rosanne, or, A father\'s labour lost / by Laetitia-Matilda Hawkins."1814	"Weston, Anna Maria."	"Pleasure and pain, or The fate of Ellen : a novel / by Anna Maria Weston."1814	"Battersby, John"	"Tell-tale sophas : an eclectic fable in three volumes : Founded on anecdotes, foreign and domestic / By John Battersby."1814	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1814	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1814	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1814	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1814	"Hervey, Elizabeth, "	"Amabel, or, Memoirs of a woman of fashion in four volumes. Vol. I-IV / By Mrs. Hervey, author of The Mourtray family, &c."1814	"Cottin, Madame (Sophie), "	"Elizabeth, or, the exiles of Siberia"1814	"Hervey, Elizabeth, "	"Amabel, or, Memoirs of a woman of fashion in four volumes. Vol. I-IV / By Mrs. Hervey, author of The Mourtray family, &c."1814	"Cottin, Madame (Sophie), "	"Elizabeth, or, the exiles of Siberia"1814	"Brunton, Mary,"	"Discipline; a novel by the author of """"Self-control."""1814	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	The recluse of Norway. By Miss Anna Maria Porter ...1815	"Cunningham, J. W."	"A world without souls ; and, The velvet cushion / by J.W. Cunningham."1815	"Cunningham, J. W."	"A world without souls ; and, The velvet cushion / by J.W. Cunningham."1815	"Louis Bonaparte,"	"Maria; or, The Hollanders / by Louis Bonaparte."1815	"Barrett, Eaton Stannard,"	"The heroine, or, Adventures of Cherubina / by Eaton Stannard Barrett."1815	"Barrett, Eaton Stannard,"	"The heroine, or, Adventures of Cherubina / by Eaton Stannard Barrett."1815	"Barrett, Eaton Stannard,"	"The heroine, or, Adventures of Cherubina / by Eaton Stannard Barrett."1815	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry : containing the adventures of a captain, and Teague O\'Regan, his servant / By H.H. Brackenridge."1815	"Surr, T. S."	The magic of wealth : a novel / by T. S. Surr.1815	"Roche, Regina Maria"	"Anna, or, Edinburgh : a novel in two volumes / by Mrs. Roche."1815	"Gunning,"	The man of fashion : a tale of modern times / by the late Miss Gunning.1815	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	The recluse of Norway / by Anna Maria Porter.1815	"Mathers, John,"	"The history of Mr. John Decastro and his brother Bat, commonly called Old Crab : in four volumes / the merry matter written by John Mathers, the grave by a solid gentleman."1815	"Johnstone, C. I."	Clan-Albin : a national tale.1815	"Prickett,"	Warwick Castle : an historical novel / by Miss Prickett.1815	"Mordaunt, Henry."	"Chronicles of the Ton, or, A spring and summer in London / by Henry Mordaunt."1815	"Smollett, Tobias George,"	The adventures of Peregrine Pickle : in which are included Memoirs of a lady of quality : in two volumes.1815	"Smollett, Tobias George,"	The adventures of Roderick Random / by T. Smollett ; with a life of the author.1815	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry : containing the adventures of a captain, and Teague O\'Regan, his servant / By H.H. Brackenridge."1815	"Johnstone, C. I."	Clan-Albin : a national tale : four volumes in three.1815	"Cottin,"	"Elizabeth, or, The exiles of Siberia : A tale founded upon facts / From the French of Madame Cottin."1815	"Brydges, Egerton,"	"Archaica : Containing a reprint of scarce old English prose tracts / With prefaces, critical and biographical, by Sir E. Brydges, bart., M.P."1815	"Swift, Jonathan,"	Gulliver\'s travels into several remote nations of the world / By Jonathan Swift ... With a sketch of his life.1815		"Varieties of life, or, Conduct and consequences : A novel / By the author of """"Sketches of character."""1815	"Hughs,"	"The ornaments discovered : a story, in two parts / by the author of Aunt Mary\'s tales."1815	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1815	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1815	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1815	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1815	Author of Silvanella.	"Lady Jane\'s pocket : a novel / by the author of Silvanella, or, The gipsey."1815	"Mant, Alicia Catherine,"	"Caroline Lismore, or, The errors of fashion : a tale / by Alicia Catherine Mant ..."1815	"Sarrazin, Adrien de,"	"Bardouc, or, The goat-herd of Mount Taurus : an Eastern tale / translated from the French of Adrien de Sarrazin."1816	"Burney, Sarah Harriet,"	Tales of fancy / by S. H. Burney. ...1816	"Godwin, William,"	St. Leon : a tale of the sixteenth century / BY William Godwin.1816	"Malory, Thomas,"	"The history of the renowned Prince Arthur, king of Britain; with his life and death, and all his glorious battles.  Likewise, the noble acts and heroic deeds of his valiant knights of the Round Table."1816	"Burney, Sarah Harriet,"	"Clarentine : a novel / by Miss Burney, author of """"Geraldine Fauconberg,"""" """"Traits of nature,"""" &c."""1816	"Ryley, S. W."	"The itinerant, or Memoirs of an actor. Vol. IV[-VI] / by S.W. Ryley."1816	"Ryley, S. W."	"The itinerant, or Memoirs of an actor. Vol. IV[-VI] / by S.W. Ryley."1816	"Jenner, J.,"	Melmoth House : a novel : in three volumes / by Mrs. J. Jenner.1816	"Graves, Richard,"	"The spiritual Quixote, or, The summer\'s ramble of Mr. Geoffry Wildgoose. A comic romance. To which is prefixed the life of the author."1816	"Johnson, Samuel,"	"Rasselas, : a tale. / By Samuel Johnson, LL.D."1816	"Austen, Jane,"	"Emma: a novel. In three volumes. By the author of """"Pride and prejudice,"""" &c. &c. ..."""1816	"Austen, Jane,"	"Mansfield Park; a novel in three volumes By the author of """"Pride and prejudice."""1816	"Scott, Walter,"	Tales of my landlord / collected and arranged by Jedediah Cleishbotham.1816	"Paltock, Robert,"	"The life & adventures of Peter Wilkins, a Cornish man : taken from his own mouth, in his passage to England, from off Cape Horn in America, in the ship Hector / by R.S., a passenger in the Hector."1816	"Jacson, Frances,"	"Rhoda : a novel / By the author of """"Things by their right names"""" and """"Plain sense."""1816	"Scott, Walter,"	"The antiquary / by the author of """"Waverley"""" and """"Guy Mannering."""1816	"Scott, Walter,"	"The antiquary / by the author of """"Waverley"""" and """"Guy Mannering."""1816	"Scott, Walter,"	"The antiquary / by the author of """"Waverley"""" and """"Guy Mannering."""1816	"Appleton,"	Edgar : a national tale / by Miss Appleton.1816	"Agg, John,"	A month in town : a satirical novel / by Humphrey Hedgehog.1816		"Fatherless Fanny, or, A young lady\'s first entrance into life : being the memoirs of a little mendicant and her benefactors / by the author of The old English baron, &c. &c."1816	"Jacson, Frances,"	"Rhoda : a novel / by the author of """"Things by their right names,"""" """"Plain sense,"""" &c."""1816	"Cordova, Cordelia."	Human nature : a novel : in three volumes.1816	"Sullivan, W. F."	The history of Mr. Rightway and his pupils : an entertaining and instructive lesson for young gentlemen / written by William Francis Sullivan.1816	"Waterhouse, Benjamin,"	"A journal of a young man of Massachusetts : late a surgeon on board an American privateer, who was captured at sea by the British, in May, eighteen hundred and thirteen, and was confined first, at Melville island, Halifax, then at Chatham, in England, and last, at Dartmoor prison : interspersed with observations, anecdotes and remarks, tending to illustrate the moral and political characters of three nations : to which is added, a correct engraving of Dartmoor prison, representing the massacre of American prisoners / written by himself."1816	"Fidfaddy, Frederick Augustus."	The adventures of Uncle Sam in search after his lost honor / by Frederick Augustus Fidfaddy.1816	"Weems, M. L."	"God\'s revenge against adultery : awfully exemplified in the following cases of American crim. con. I. The accomplished Dr. Theodore Wilson, (Delaware,) who for seducing Mrs. Nancy Wiley, had his brains blown out by her husband. II. The elegant James O\'Neale, Esq. (North Carolina,) who for seducing the beautiful Miss Matilda L\'Estrange, was killed by her brother / By Mason L. Weems, author of The life of Washington."1816	"Botsford,"	Adelaide : a new and original novel / by a lady of Philadelphia.1816	"Waterhouse, Benjamin,"	"A journal of a young man of Massachusetts : late a surgeon on board an American privateer, who was captured at sea by the British, in May, eighteen hundred and thirteen, and was confined first, at Melville island, Halifax, then at Chatham, in England, and last, at Dartmoor prison : interspersed with observations, anecdotes and remarks, tending to illustrate the moral and political characters of three nations : to which is added, a correct engraving of Dartmoor prison, representing the massacre of American prisoners / written by himself."1816	"Sabin, Elijah R."	The life and reflections of Charles Observator : in which are displayed the real characters of human life / by Elijah R. Sabin.1816	"Tyler, Royall,"	"The Algerine captive, or, The life and adventures of Doctor Updike Underhill, six years a prisoner among the Algerines."1816	"Woodworth, Samuel,"	"The champions of freedom, or, The mysterious chief : a romance of the nineteenth century, founded on the events of the war, between the United States and Great Britain, which terminated in March, 1815 / By Samuel Woodworth."1816	Author of The citizen\'s daughter.	"My bird and my dog : a tale for youth / by the author of the Citizen\'s daughter, Idiot heiress, &c."1816	"Juvenis,"	Mary and Fanny : A narrative / By Juvenis [pseud.] ...1816	"Beckford, William,"	Vathek : translated from the original French.1816		Memoirs of Oliver Cromwell and his children / supposed to be written by himself.1816	"Burney, Sarah Harriet,"	Tales of fancy / by S. H. Burney. ...1816	"Rowson, Susanna Haswell."	Charlotte Temple : a tale of truth ..1816	"Waterhouse, Benjamin,"	"A journal, of a young man of Massachusetts, late a surgeon on board an American privateer, who was captured at sea by the British ... and was confined first, at Melville island, Halifax, then at Chatham, in England, and last, at Dartmoor prison : Interspered with observations, anecdotes and remarks, tending to illustrate the moral and political characters of three nations. To which is added, a correct engraving of Dartmoor prison, representing the massacre of American prisoners / Written by himself .."1816	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1816	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1816	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1816	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1816	"Fielding, Henry,"	"The works of Henry Fielding, esq., with An essay on his life and genius/ by Arthur Murphy, Esq."1816	"Lamb, Caroline, "	Glenarvon.1816	"Lamb, Caroline, "	Glenarvon.1816	"Peacock, Thomas Love,"	Headlong hall.1816	"Roche, Regina Maria,"	"Trecothick bower; or, The lady of the west country. A tale ... By Regina Maria Roche ..."1816	"Malory, Thomas,"	"The history of the renowned Prince Arthur, king of Britain; with his life and death, and all his glorious battles.  Likewise, the noble acts and heroic deeds of his valiant knights of the Round Table."1816	"Scott, Walter,"	Paul\'s letters to his kinsfolk.1817	"Porter, Anna Maria."	The knight of St. John : a romance / by Miss Anna Maria Porter ....1817	"Porter, Anna Maria."	"The knight of St. John, a romance, by Miss Anna Maria Porter ..."1817	"Porter, Anna Maria."	The Knight of St. John : a romance / by Anna Maria Porter.1817		"The Irish emigrant. An historical tale founded on fact, by an Hibernian [pseud.]"1817	"Ryley, S. W."	"The Itinerant; or, Memoirs of an actor ... By S. W. Ryley ..."1817	"Ryley, S. W."	"The Itinerant; or, Memoirs of an actor ... By S. W. Ryley ..."1817	"Smollett, Tobias George,"	"The adventures of Ferdinand, count Fathom, by Dr. Smollett."1817	"Vandelure, John."	"A narrative of the travels of John Vandeluer, on the western continent : Containing an account of the conversion of an Indian chief and his family to Christianity : Being a letter written to his uncle in Philadelphia in the year 1796."1817	"Manvill, P.D."	"Lucinda, or, The mountain mourner : Being recent facts in a series of letters / from Mrs. Manvill, in the State of New-York, to her sister in Pennsylvania."1817	"Barrett, Eaton Stannard,"	Six weeks at Long\'s / by a late resident.1817	"Colman, George,"	The history of Elsmere and Rosa : an episode / the merry matter written by John Mathers; the grave by a solid gentleman.1817	"Brooke, Frances,"	Manners : a novel.1817	"Ross,"	"The bachelor and the married man, or The equilibrium of the """"balance of comfort."""1817	"Paulding, James Kirke,"	"Letters from the South : written during an excursion in the summer of 1816 / by the author of John Bull and Brother Jonathan, &c. &c."1817	"Godwin, William,"	Mandeville : a tale of the seventeenth cenutry in England / by William Godwin.1817	"Hutton, Catherine,"	The Welsh mountaineer : a novel / by Catharine Hutton.1817		Letters of an Italian nun and an English gentleman / translated from the French of J.J. Rousseau.1817	"Ross,"	"The balance of comfort, or, The old maid and married woman : a novel / by Mrs. Ross."1817	"Ross,"	"The balance of comfort, or, The old maid and married woman : a novel / by Mrs. Ross."1817	"Cuthbertson, Catherine."	"Rosabella, or, A mother\'s marriage : a novel : in five volumes / By the author of The romance of the Pyrenees, Santo Sebastiano, or, The young protector, The forest of Montalbano ..."1817	"Cuthbertson, Catherine."	"Rosabella, or, A mother\'s marriage : a novel : in five volumes / By the author of The romance of the Pyrenees, Santo Sebastiano, or, The young protector, The forest of Montalbano ..."1817	"Edgeworth, Maria,"	"Harrington : a tale and Ormond : a tale / by Maria Edgeworth, author of Comic dramas, Tales of fashionable life, &c. &c ; in three volumes."1817	"Herbster, F.,"	"The cavern of Roseville, or, The two sisters : a tale / translated from the French of Madame Herbster by A. Jamieson."1817		"The absent man : a narrative / edited by Sir Peter Plastic, Knight of the Order of the Tower and Sword."1817		"The absent man : a narrative / edited by Sir Peter Plastic, Knight of the Order of the Tower and Sword."1817	"Scott, Walter,"	"Guy Mannering, or, The astrologer / by the author of Waverley."1817	"Scott, Walter,"	"Waverley, or, \'Tis sixty years since."1817	"Erskine, Thomas Erskine,"	Armata : a fragment.1817	"Erskine, Thomas Erskine,"	The second part of Armata.1817	"Knapp, Samuel L."	"Extracts from the journal of Marshal Soult : addressed to a friend : how obtained, and by whom translated is not a subject of enquiry."1817	"Neal, John,"	"Keep cool : a novel / written in hot weather, by somebody, M.D.C. &c. &c. &c. author of sundry works of great merit, never published, or read, from his-story ; reviewed by -- himself -- """"Esquire""""."""1817	"Burney, Sarah Harriet,"	Geraldine Fauconberg  / by Miss Burney.1817	"Edgeworth, Maria"	Comic dramas : in three acts / by Maria Edgeworth.1817	"Cunningham, J. W."	"Sancho, or, The proverbialist / by J.W. Cunningham."1817	"Peacock, Thomas Love,"	Melincourt / By the author of Headlong Hall.1817	"Erskine, Thomas Erskine,"	Armata : a fragment.1817	"Erskine, Thomas Erskine,"	The second part of Armata.1817	"Lester, Elizabeth B."	The Quakers a tale / By Elizabeth B. Lester.1817	"Neal, John,"	"Keep cool : a novel / written in hot weather, by somebody, M.D.C. &c. &c. &c. author of sundry works of great merit, never published, or read, from his-story ; reviewed by -- himself -- """"Esquire""""."""1817	"Lester, Elizabeth B."	The Quakers; a tale.1817	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	"The knight of St. John, a romance, by Miss Anna Maria Porter ..."1817	"Ross,"	"The balance of comfort, or, The old maid and married woman : a novel / by Mrs. Ross."1817		"The Irish emigrant. An historical tale founded on fact, by an Hibernian [pseud.]"1818	"Austen, Jane,"	"Northanger Abbey: and Persuasion. By the author of """"Pride and prejudice"""", """"Mansfield-Park"""", &c.  With a biographical notice of the author ..."""1818	"Hogg, James,"	"The brownie of Bodsbeck, and other tales / by James Hogg ..."1818	"More, Hannah,"	The works of Hannah More : including several pieces never before published.1818	"Shelley, Mary Wollstonecraft,"	"Frankenstein, or, The modern Prometheus."1818	"Scott, Walter,"	Tales of my landlord : second series / collected and arranged  by Jedediah Cleishbotham.1818	"Scott, Walter,"	Tales of my landlord : second series / collected and arranged  by Jedediah Cleishbotham.1818	"Erskine, Thomas Erskine,"	Armata : a fragment.1818	"Erskine, Thomas Erskine,"	The second part of Armata.1818	"De Lourdoueix, M."	"Charenton, or, The follies of the age : a philosophical romance  / by M. de Lourdoueix ; translated from the French."1818	"Scott, Walter,"	"Rob Roy / by the author of """"Waverley,"""" """"Guy Mannering,"""" and """"The antiquary."""1818	"Scott, Walter,"	"Rob Roy / by the author of """"Waverley,"""" """"Guy Mannering,"""" and """"The antiquary."""1818	"Brown, Thomas,"	"Brighton, or, The Steyne : a satirical novel in three volumes."1818	"Brown, Thomas,"	"Bath : a satirical novel, with portraits / by Thomas Brown, the Elder."1818	"Bloomfield, Obadiah Benjamin Franklin."	"The life and adventures of Obadiah Benjamin Franklin Bloomfield, M.D. : a native of the United States of America, now on the tour of Europe : interspersed with episodes, and remarks, religious, moral, public spirited, and humorous / written by himself."1818	"Graham, Elizabeth Susanna Davenport,"	"Voyage to Locuta : a fragment, with etchings and notes of illustration : dedicated to Theresa Tidy ... / by Lemuel Gulliver, Jun."1818	"Brooke, Frances,"	A year and a day : a novel / by Madame Panache.1818	"Ferrier, Susan,"	Marriage : a novel.1818	"Godwin, William,"	Mandeville : a tale of the seventeenth century in England / by William Godwin.1818		"Lionel, or, The last of the Pevenseys : a novel."1818	"Dallas, Alexander R.C."	"Felix Alvarez, or, Manners in Spain : containing descriptive accounts of some of the prominent events of the late peninsular war : and authentic anecdotes illustrative of the Spanish character : interspersed with poetry, original, and from the Spanish / by Alexander R.C. Dallas."1818	"Plumptre, Anne,"	"Tales of wonder, of humour, and of sentiment; original and translated. By Anne and Annabella Plumptre."1818		Rachel : a tale.1818	"Maturin, Charles Robert,"	"Women, or, Pour et contre : a tale / by the author of """"Bertram,"""" &c. ; in three volumes."""1818	"Scott, Walter,"	Tales of my landlord / collected and arranged by Jedediah Cleishbotham.1818	"Morgan,"	Florence Macarthy : an Irish tale / by Lady Morgan.1818	"Weems, M. L."	"God\'s revenge against gambling : exemplified in the miserable lives and untimely deaths of a number of persons of both sexes, who had sacrificed their health, wealth, and honor at gaming tables : with curious anecdotes ... / by M.L. Weems."1818	"Weems, M. L."	"God\'s revenge against murder, or, The drown\'d wife : a tragedy as lately performed ... by Ned Findley ... / by M.L. Weems."1818	"Strong, Titus,"	"The common reader : consisting of a variety of pieces, original and selected : intended for the use of schools, and particularly calculated for the improvement of scholars of the first & second classes in the art of reading / by T. Strong."1818	"Hofland,"	"The son of a genius : a tale for the use of youth / by the author of The history of an officer\'s widow and family, Clergyman\'s widow and family, Daughter-in-law, etc. etc."1818	Sabbath school teacher.	A visit to a Sabbath evening school : a narrative for children / by a Sabbath school teacher.1818		Memoirs of Catharine Mason and Julia Mills.1818		The old bachelor.1818	"Taylor, Jefferys,"	"Harry\'s holiday, or, The doings of one who had nothing to do / by Jefferys Taylor ; with a preface by Miss Jane Taylor, author of Nursery rhymes, Hymns for infants, &c"1818	"Weems, M. L."	"The drunkard\'s looking glass : reflecting a faithful likeness of the drunkard, in sundry very interesting attitudes, with lively representations of the many strange capers which he cuts at different stages of his disease : as first, when he has only """"a drop in his eye,"""" second, when he is """"half shaved,"""" third, when he is getting """"a little on the staggers or so,"""" and fourth, and fifth, and so on, till he is """"quite capsized,"""" or """"snug under the table with the dogs,"""" and can """"stick to the floor without holding on."""" / By M.L. Weems ..."""1818	"Weems, M. L."	"God\'s revenge against adultery : awfully exemplified in the following cases of American crim. con. I. The accomplished Dr. Theodore Wilson, (Deleware,) who for seducing Mrs. Nancy Wiley, had his brains blown out by her husband. II. The elegant James O\'Neale, Esq. (North Carolina,) who for seducing the beautiful Miss Matilda L\'Estrange, was killed by her brother / By Mason L. Weems, author of The life of Washington."1818	"Brooke, Frances,"	A year and a day : a novel / by Madame Panache.1818	"Opie, Amelia, "	New tales by Mrs. Opie1818	"Opie, Amelia, "	New tales by Mrs. Opie1818	"Lester, Elizabeth B."	The Quakers: A tale /  by Elizabeth B. Lester1818	"Lester, Elizabeth B. "	The Quakers : a tale /  By Elizabeth B. Lester.1818	"Fielding, Henry, "	The history of Tom Jones.1818	Sabbath school teacher.	A visit to a Sabbath evening school : a narrative for children / by a Sabbath school teacher.1818		Memoirs of Catharine Mason and Julia Mills.1818		"Brambleton hall : a novel, being a sequel to the celebrated expedition of Humphrey Clinker, by Tobias Smollet."1818	"Ferrier, Susan,"	"Marriage, a novel. : In three volumes."1818		"Women : or, Pour et contre: a tale, by the author of \'Bertram\' &c. ... In three volumes ..."1818	"Peacock, Thomas Love,"	Nightmare Abbey: / by the author of Headlong Hall.1818	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	The fast of St. Magdalen : a romance / by Anna Maria Porter.1819	"Waln, Robert,"	"The hermit in America on a visit to Philadelphia : containing some account of the human leeches, belles, beaux, coquettes, dandies, cotillion parties, supper parties, tea parties, &c. &c. of that famous city, and the poets and painters of America / edited by Peter Atall, Esq."1819		The Englishman in Paris : a satirical novel : With sketches of   the most memorable characters that have recently visited that celebrated        capital ... In three volumes.1819	"Byron, Medora Gordon."	Celia in search of a husband / By a modern antique.1819	T. B.	"The life and death of the Merry Deuill of Edmonton : with the pleasant pranks of Smug the Smith, Sir John, and mine host of the George about the stealing of venison / by T.B."1819	"Scott, Walter,"	Tales of my landlord : third series / collected and arranged  by Jedediah Cleishbotham.1819	"Scott, Walter,"	Tales of my landlord : third series / collected and arranged  by Jedediah Cleishbotham.1819	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry : containing the adventures of a captain and     Teague O\'Regan, his servant / By H. H. Brackenridge, ... With the last corrections and additions of the author. ..."1819		Robin Hood : a tale of the olden time : in two volumes.1819	"Benson, Maria."	The carriage / by Maria Benson.1819	"Bigelow, Jacob,"	Varieties in woman : a novel.1819	"Balfour, Alexander,"	"Campbell, or, The Scottish probationer : a novel."1819		Harold the exile.1819	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	The fast of St. Magdalen : a romance / by Miss Anna Maria Porter.1819	"Moysey, Abel"	Forman : a tale.1819	"Opie, Amelia Alderson,"	"The father and daughter : a tale, in prose / by Mrs. Opie."1819	"Author of Prodigious!!!, or, Childe paddie in London."	"Gogmagog-Hall, or, The philosophical lord and the governess / by the author of Prodigious!!! or, Childe Paddie in London."1819	"Swift, Jonathan,"	Gulliver\'s travels into several remote nations of the world / by Jonathan Swift ; with a sketch of his life.1819	"Campbell, John,"	"Worlds displayed, for the benefit of young people, by a familiar history of some of their inhabitants."1819	"Cervantes Saavedra, Miguel de,"	"Don Quixote de la Mancha / translated from the original Spanish of Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra by Charles Jarvis ; embellished with twenty-four highly finished engravings, from drawings designed expressly for this edition."1819	High Dutch gentleman.	"Rabelais the Younger, or, The history of some cities and of several wonderful men and ladies in the western world / written by a High Dutch gentleman and his sweetheart, Callipyga Softbones."1819	"Clopper, Jonas."	"Fragments of the history of Bawlfredonia : containing an account of the discovery and settlement, of that great southern continent : and of the formation and progress of the Bawlfredonian commonwealth / By Herman Thwackius ; Translated from the original Bawlfredonian manuscript, into the French language, by Monsieur Traducteur, and rendered into English, by a citizen of America.."1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. : No. I[-VII]."1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. : No. I[-VII]."1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. : No. I[-VII]."1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. : No. I[-VII]."1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. : No. I[-VII]."1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. : No. I[-VII]."1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. : No. I[-VII]."1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. : No. I[-VII]."1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. : No. I[-VII]."1819	"Hutton, Catherine,"	"Oakwood Hall : a novel : including a description of the lakes of Cumberland and Westmoreland, and a part of South Wales / By Catherine Hutton."1819	"Lockhart, J. G."	Peter\'s letters to his kinsfolk.1819	"Morgan,"	Florence Macarthy : an Irish tale / by Lady Morgan.1819	Author of The Greeks.	"Life high & low / by the author of The Greeks, Pigeons, Fashion, To night, Ton, Modern belles, Modern beaux, Dress and address, &c. ; embellished with humorous coloured plates."1819	"Richmond, Legh,"	The dairyman\'s daughter : an authentic and interesting narrative in two parts.1819	"Campbell, John,"	"Worlds displayed, for the benefit of young people, by a familiar history of some of their inhabitants."1819	"Budden, Maria Elizabeth"	"True stories, from ancient history : chronologically arranged : from the creation of the world to the death of Charlemagne / by the author of """"Always happy,"""" &c."""1819	"Galt, John,"	"The history of Gog and Magog, the champions of London : containing an account of the origin of many things relative to the city : a tale / by Robin Goodfellow, author of The rocking horse."1819	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry : containing the adventures of a captain and     Teague O\'Regan, his servant / By H. H. Brackenridge, ... With the last corrections and additions of the author. ..."1819	"Botsford, Edmund,"	"A spiritual voyage : performed in the ship Convert, under the command of Captain Godly-Fear, to the Haven of Felicity, on the continent of Glory. An allegory / by Edmund Botsford."1819	"Waln, Robert,"	"The hermit in America on a visit to Philadelphia. Containing some account of the beaux and belles...of that famous city...Edited by Peter Atall, esq. [pseud.]"1819	"Irving, Washington,"	"The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent. [pseud.] ."1819	"Sargent, Charles Lenox."	"The life of Alexander Smith, captain of the island of Pitcairn : one of the mutineers on board His Majesty\'s ship Bounty, commanded by Lieut. Wm. Blight / written by Smith himself, on the above island, and bringing the accounts from Pitcairn, down to the year 1815."1819	Author of The Greeks 	"Life High and Low  by the author of The greeks, Pigeons, Fashion, To night, Ton, Modern belles, Modern beaux, Dress and address, &c. ; embellished with humorous coloured plates."1819	Author of The Greeks 	"Life High and Low  by the author of The greeks, Pigeons, Fashion, To night, Ton, Modern belles, Modern beaux, Dress and address, &c. ; embellished with humorous coloured plates."1819	"Richmond, Legh,"	The dairyman\'s daughter : an authentic and interesting narrative in two parts.1819	"Maintenon,"	The express : a novel.1819	"Radcliffe, Ann Ward,"	"ManfroneÌÅ; or, The one-handed monk. A romance."1820	"Cooper, James Fenimore,"	Precaution : a novel : In two volumes.1820	M. A. P.	"The history of Elenor Williams / by the author of the """"Orphan sisters,"""" and the """"Old soldier.""""      """1820	"Irving, Washington,"	"Salmagundi, or, the whim-whams and opinions of Launcelot Langstaff, Esq. and others."1820	"Seaborn, Adam,"	Symzonia : a voyage of discovery / by Captain Adam Seaborn.1820	"Marshall,"	"Ellen : a tale, in three parts / by an American lady."1820	"Marshall,"	"Ellen : a tale, in three parts / by an American lady."1820		The poacher\'s daughter.1820		The Sunday school children.1820	"Sherwood,"	The orphan boy.1820	"Roche, Regina Maria,"	The Munster cottage boy. A tale ... By Regina Maria Roche ...1821		"History of Constantius and Pulchera, or, Virtue rewarded."1821	"Watkins, Tobias,"	"Tales of the tripod, or A Delphian evening / By Pertinax Particular."1821		"Youthful piety, or, Memoirs of Miss Mariam Warner, Miss Eliza McCarty, and Miss Mary Jones : with the Rev. Dr. Dana\'s address to Sabbath school children."1821	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	The village of Mariendorpt. A tale. By Miss Anna Maria Porter ...1821	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	The village of Mariendorpt : a tale / by Miss Anna Maria Porter.1821	"Sidney, Philip Francis."	"The ruling passion : a comic story of the sixteenth century / revived, revised, and edited by Philip Francis Sidney."1821	"Smith, Charlotte."	The republican\'s mistress; a novel founded upon facts. By Charlotte Smith ...1821		The Woman of genius.1822		Bannockburn : a novel : being a sequel to The Scottish Chiefs by Miss Jane Porter.1822	"Irving, Washington,"	"Bracebridge hall; or, The humorists. By Geoffrey Crayon, gent. [pseud.]"1822	"Wright, Frances, "	"A few days in Athens, being the translation of a Greek manuscript discovered in Herculaneum. By Frances Wright."1822	"Wright, Frances, "	"A few days in Athens, being the translation of a Greek manuscript discovered in Herculaneum. By Frances Wright."1822	"Irving, Washington,"	"Bracebridge Hall, or, The humorists : a medley / by Geoffrey Crayon, gent. ; in two volumes."1822		"The templar : To which is added, the Tales of Passaic / By a gentleman of New-York."1822		Edmund and Margaret; or Sobriety and faithfulness rewarded.1822	"Clarke, McDonald,"	The elixir of moonshine : being a collection of prose and poetry / by the mad poet ; A great proportion of which has never before been published.1822	"Cooper, James Fenimore,"	"The spy : a tale of the neutral ground / By the author of """"Precaution"""" ; In two volumes."""1822	"Watterston, George,"	"The L-- family at Washington, or, A winter in the metropolis."1822	"Lummus, Aaron."	"The life and adventures of Dr. Caleb : who migrated from Egypt, and afterwards practised physic in the land of Canaan and elsewhere : an allegory : designed principally to amuse and edify young people / By Aaron Lummus, evangelii praedicator."1822	"Neal, John,"	Logan : a family history : In two volumes.1822	"Sedgwick, Catharine Maria,"	"A New-England tale, or, Sketches of New-England character and manners."1822		The Sunday school children.1822	"Paulding, James Kirke,"	A sketch of Old England / by a New-England man. In two volumes.1822		"Agnes : or, The triumph of principle."1822	"Kelty, Mary Ann,"	"Osmond; a tale by the author of """"The favourite of nature."""1822	"Peacock, Thomas Love,"	Maid Marian / by the author of Headlong Hall [i.e. Thomas Love Peacock].1822	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	"Roche-blanche; or, The hunters of the Pyrenees. A romance. By Miss Anna Maria Porter ..."1822	"Scott, Walter,"	"The fortunes of Nigel / by the author of """"Waverley, Kenilworth,"""" &c."""1822	"Scott, Walter,"	"The fortunes of Nigel. / By the author of """"Waverley, Kenilworth,"""" &c. ; [One line from Poetry of the Anti-Jacobin] ; Complete in one volume."""1822	"Scott, Walter,"	"The fortunes of Nigel. / by the author of """"Waverley,"""" """"Kenilworth,"""" etc. ; in three volumes.."""1822	"Scott, Walter,"	"The fortunes of Nigel, a romance / by the author of Waverley, Ivanhoe, &c."1823	"Scott, Walter,"	"Peveril of the Peak / By the author of """"Waverley, Kenilworth,"""" &c. In three volumes."""1823	"Lockhart, J.G. (John Gibson), "	"Reginald Dalton.  v.1, v.2, v.3"1823	"Cooper, James Fenimore,"	"The pioneers, or, the sources of the Susquehana: a descriptive tale / by the author of the Precaution."1823	"Cooper, James Fenimore,"	"The pioneers, or, The sources of the Susquehanna : a descriptive tale / by the author of Precaution."1823	"M\'Henry, James,"	"The wilderness, or, Braddock\'s times : A tale of the West."1823	"Neal, John,"	"Errata, or, The works of Will. Adams : a tale / by the author of Logan, Seventy-six and Randolph."1823	"Judah, Samuel B. H."	Gotham and the Gothamites : a medley.1823	"Cooper, James Fenimore,"	"The pilot : a tale of the sea / By the author of The pioneers, &c. &c. ; In two volumes."1823	"Paulding, James Kirke,"	"Koningsmarke, the Long Finne : a story of the New World : In two volumes."1823		The poacher\'s daughter.1823	"Sherwood,"	The orphan boy.1823	"Ward, Catherine G."	The cottage on the cliff : a sea-side story / by Catherine G. Ward.1824	"Hull, Edward."	Adsonville: or Marrying out : A narrative tale.1824	"Irving, Washington"	"Tales of a traveller. By Geoffrey Crayon, gent. [pseud.]"1824	"Irving, Washington,"	The sketch book of Geoffrey Crayon [i.e. W. Irving]1824	"Cooper, James Fenimore,"	The spy : a tale of the neutral ground.1824		"Adsonville, or, Marrying out: a narrative tale"1824		"Adsonville, or, Marrying out: a narrative tale"1824		Narrative of Emily Graham.1824	"Tucker, George,"	"The valley of Shenandoah, or, Memoirs of the Graysons. In two volumes."1824	"Child, Lydia Maria Francis,"	Hobomok : a tale of early times / By an American.1824	"Sedgwick, Catharine Maria,"	Redwood : a tale : In two volumes.1824	"Marks, Richard,"	"The Thatcher\'s wife, or, An account of Mary Camps."1824	"Marks, Richard,"	"The Thatcher\'s wife, or, An account of Mary Camps."1824	"Marks, Richard,"	"The cottage girl, or, An account of Ann Edwards."1824	"M\'Call, John C."	The witch of New England : a romance.1824	"Ferrier, Susan,"	"The inheritance, by the author of Marriage. In three volumes."1824	"Galt, John,"	Rothelan : a romance of the English histories / by the author of Annals of the parish; Ringan Gilhaize; The spaewife; &c.1824	"Kelty, Mary Ann,"	"Trials; a tale. By the author of """"The favourite of nature"""" ..."""1824	"Maturin, Charles Robert,"	"The Albigenses, a romance. By the author of """"Bertram,"""" a tragedy: """"Woman; or, Pour et contre, """" &c. ..."""1824	"Maturin, Charles Robert,"	"The wild Irish boy; a novel, by the author of Fatal Revenge ... etc."1824	"O\'Keeffe, Adelaide,"	"Zenobia, queen of Palmyra; a narrative, founded on history ... By the author of Patriarchal times ..."1824	"Ward, Catherine G."	"The fisher\'s daughter, or The wanderings of Wolf, and the fortunes of Alfred : being the sequel to that so greatly admired and popular work, entitled, the cottage on the cliff, or A seaside story / by Mrs. Catherine G. Ward."1824	"Wyss, Johann David,"	"The Swiss family Robinson ; or, Adventures of a father and mother and four sons in a desert island : the genuine progress of the story forming a clear illustration of the first principles of natural history, and many branches of science which most immediately apply to the business of life. : To which are added, notes of reference, explanatory of the subjects treated of. : With plates, and a map of the island."1825		National tales.1825	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry, containing the adventures of a captain, and Teague O\'Regan, his servant. / By H. H. Brackenridge."1825	"Brackenridge, H. H."	"Modern chivalry : containing the adventures of a captain, and Teague O\'Regan, his servant / By H. H. Brackenridge ... [pt. 1]"1825	"Cooper, James Fenimore,"	"The Pioneers, or the sources of the Susquehanna : a descriptive tale / By the author of """"Precaution."""1825	"Opie, Amelia"	"Illustrations of lying, in all its branches."1825	"Brackenridge, H. H., "	"Modern chivalry: containing the adventures of a captain, and Teague O\'Regan, his servant. By H. H. Brackenridge."1825	"Brackenridge, H. H., "	"Modern chivalry: containing the adventures of a captain, and Teague O\'Regan, his servant. By H. H. Brackenridge."1825	"Hentz, Nicholas Marcellus,"	"Tadeuskund, the last king of the Lenape : An historical tale."1825	"Child, Lydia Maria Francis,"	"The rebels, or Boston before the Revolution / By the author of Hobomok. [Four lines of verse from Bryant]"1825	"Kennedy, Grace,"	"Dunallan ; or, Know what you judge : a story / by the author of """"The decision."""1825	"Kennedy, Grace,"	"Philip Colville, or, A covenanter\'s story : unfinished / by the Author of """"The decision,"""" """"Father Clement,"""" &c. &c."""1825	"Picard, L.-B."	The Gil Blas of the Revolution / by L.-B. Picard.1825	"Scott, Maria,"	"Winter tales: or, European nights\' entertainments. Edited by Maria Scott ..."1826	"Cushing, E. L."	Yorktown : an historical romance : In two volumes.1826	"Flint, Timothy,"	"Francis Berrian, or The Mexican patriot : In two volumes."1826	"Eaton, Charlotte A."	Continental adventures : a novel.1826	"Porter, Anna Maria,"	Honor O\'Hara. A novel ... By Miss A.M. Porter ...1826	"Ward, Catherine G."	"The forest girl, or, The mountain hut : an original and interesting domestic tale / by Catherine G. Ward."1827	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Arthur Mervyn, or, Memoirs of the year 1793 / by Charles Brockden Brown."1827	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Arthur Mervyn ; or, Memoirs of the year 1793 / by Charles Brockden Brown."1827	"Brown, Charles Brockden,"	"Edgar Huntly, or memoirs of a sleep walker / by Charles Brockden Brown."1827	"Opie, Amelia, "	"Illustrations of lying, in all its branches /  by Amelia Opie. From the second London ed."1827	"Opie, Amelia, "	"Illustrations of lying, in all its branches /  by Amelia Opie. From the second London ed."1827	"Judah, Samuel B. H."	"The buccaneers : a romance of our own country, in its ancient day; illustrated with divers marvellous histories, and antique and facetious episodes : gathered from the most authentic chronicles & affirmed records extant from the settlement of the Nieuw Nederlandts, until the times of the famous Richard Kid / Carefully collated from the laborious researches, and minute investigations, of that excellent antiquary and sublime philosopher, yclept Terentius Phlogobombos : [Two lines from Shakespeare] : In five books."1827	"Sedgwick, Catharine Maria,"	"Hope Leslie, or Early times in the Massachusetts / By the author of Redwood ; In two volumes."1827	"Tucker, George,"	"A voyage to the moon : with some account of the manners and customs, science and philosophy, of the people of Morosofia, and other Lunarians / By Joseph Atterley."1827	"Royall, Anne Newport,"	"The Tennessean : a novel, founded on facts / By Mrs. Anne Royall."1827	"Hart,"	Letters from the Bahama Islands : written in 1823-4.1827	"Chetwode,"	Blue-stocking hall.1827	"Scargill, William Pitt,"	Truckleborough hall; a novel.1827	"Tempest, Basil."	"The vallies; or, Scenes and thoughts from secluded life."1828	"Foster, Hannah Webster,"	"The coquette; or, The history of Eliza Wharton, a novel founded on fact. By a lady of Massachusetts."1828	"Neal, John,"	Rachel Dyer : a North American story / By John Neal.1828	"Roche, Regina Maria,"	Contrast / by Regina Maria Roche.1829	"Bloodgood, S. DeWitt"	"A sketch of the olden time, or, General Lee\'s farewell dinner, at New-York ; founded on fact. Being the first of a series of Revolutionary tales / by an antiquary."1829	"Irving, Washington,"	A chronicle of the conquest of Granada / by Fray Antonio Agapida.1829	"Opie, Amelia, "	Illustrations of lying in all its branches by Amelia Opie.1829	"Opie, Amelia, "	Illustrations of lying in all its branches by Amelia Opie.1829	"Flint, Timothy,"	"George Mason, the young backwoodsman, or, \'Don\'t give up the ship\' : A story of the Mississippi / By the author of \'Francis Berrian.\'"1829	"Apes, William,"	"A son of the forest. The experience of William Apes, a native of the forest. Comprising a notice of the Pequod tribe of Indians. Written by himself."1829	"Peacock, Thomas Love,"	"The misfortunes of Elphin, by the author of Headlong Hall."1829	"Charlotte Elizabeth,"	The Rockite : an Irish story / by Charlotte Elizabeth.1830	"Botsford,"	"The reign of reform, or Yankee Doodle court / by a lady."1830	"Bray,"	Fitz of Fitz-Ford; a legend of Devon.1830	"Galt, John,"	"Lawrie Todd, or, The settlers in the woods / by John Galt."1830	"Sargant, J. A."	"Ringstead Abbey, or, The stranger\'s grave : with other tales / by J.A. Sargant."1831	"Bacon, Delia Salter,"	"Tales of the puritans : The regicides, The fair pilgrim, Castine."1831	"Belknap, Jeremy,"	"The foresters, an American tale : Being a sequal [sic] to the History of John Bull the clotheir. In a series of letters to a friend."1831	"Johnson, Samuel, "	Rasselas.1832		"Annette Warington; or Sequel to The black velvet bracelet. / By the author of \'Early impressions,\' \'Temptation,\' &c.."1832	"Irving, Washington,"	The Alhambra : a series of tales and sketches of the Moors and Spaniards / by the author of The sketch book ..1833	"Bourne, George,"	"Lorette : The history of Louise, daughter of a Canadian nun ; exhibiting the interior of female convents."1833	"Bickley, Lloyd Wharton,"	"The aristocrat: : an American tale. / By the author of """"Zoe"""", &c. In two volumes. Vol. I[-II]."""1833	"Hall, James,"	The soldier\'s bride and other tales. By James Hall1833	"Leslie, Eliza,"	"Pencil sketches :  b or, Outlines of character and manners /  c by Miss Leslie."1834		The Atlantic club-book : being sketches in prose and verse / by various authors. In two volumes.1834	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	"Calavar; or, The knight of the conquest : a romance of Mexico."1834	"Gilman, Caroline Howard,"	"Recollections of a housekeeper, by Mrs. Clarissa Packard."1834	"Smith, Seba,"	"The select letters of Major Jack Downing [pseud.] : of the Dowingville militia, away down East, in the state of Maine / Written by himself .."1835	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	The hawks of hawk-hollow : A tradition of Pennsylvania / In two volumes.1835	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	"The infidel, or, the fall of Mexico. A romance / by the author of """"Calavar""""."""1835	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	"The infidel, or, the fall of Mexico : A romance / by the author of """"Calavar""""."""1835		Blackbeard : a page from the colonial history of Philadelphia.1835	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	The hawks of hawk-hollow : ib A tradition of Pennsylvania / ic In two volumes.1835	"Irving, Washington,  d 1783-1859."	The Crayon miscellany By the author of the Sketch book .1835	"Longfellow, Henry Wadsworth,"	Outre-mer : a pilgrimage beyond the sea.1836	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	Sheppard Lee. / Written by himself. In two volumes.1836	"Dunlap, William,"	"Thirty years ago, or, The memoirs of a water drinker / by the author of """"Memoirs of George Frederick Cooke ..."""1836	"Dunlap, William,"	"Thirty years ago, or, The memoirs of a water drinker / by the author of """"Memoirs of George Frederick Cooke ..."""1837	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	"Nick of the woods, or the jibbenainosay / A tale of Kentucky ; in two volumes."1837	"Bokum, Hermann,"	Never despair : A tale of the emigrants. Founded on fact.1838	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	"Peter Pilgrim, or, A rambler\'s recollections / by the author of """"Calavar,"""" """"Nick of the woods,"""" &c."""1838	"Abeel, David,"	"The missionary convention at Jerusalem, or, An exhibition of the claims of the world to the gospel."1839	"Bacon, Delia Salter,"	The bride of Fort Edward : founded on an incident of the Revolution.1839		"The brigantine: or, Admiral Lowe. A tale of the 17th century. By an American."1839	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	The adventures of Robin Day.1839	"Franco, Harry,"	"The adventures of Harry Franco, a tale of the great panic. : In two volumes. Vol. II."1840	"Brownson, Orestes Augustus,"	"Charles Elwood: or, the infidel converted. By O.A. Brownson."1841	"Bache, Anna."	"The fire-screen, or Domestic sketches / By Mrs. Anna Bache."1842	"Arthur, T. S."	Tired of housekeeping / by T.S. Arthur.1843	"Brown, John Walker,"	"Julia of Baiae; or, The days of Nero. A story of the martyrs."1843	"Arthur, T. S."	"The two merchants; or, Solvent and insolvent. / By T.S. Arthur."1843	"Arthur, T. S."	"The stolen wife : an American romance / by the author of """"The Tailor\'s apprentice"""" and """"The little pilgrims."""1844	"Bradbury, Osgood."	Mysteries of Lowell.1844	"Briggs, Charles F."	"Working a passage, or, Life in a liner : published for the benefit of young travellers / by B.C.F."1844	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"Fanny Campbell: or, The female pirate captain. A tale of the Revolution. By Lieutenant Murray."1844	"Bradbury, Osgood."	"The distillerâ€™s daughter, or, The power of woman / by the author of The mysteries of Boston."1844	"Bar, M. Ro,"	"Mary the maniac, or, The mother her own victim ; In eight letters to a young lady at the South / by M. Ro. Bar (Lev.) [pseud.]."1845	"Ashby,"	"Helen Howard, or The bankrupt and broker : A tale of New England / By Professor Ashby."1845		"Autobiography of a reformed drunkard, or, Letters and recollections by an inmate of the Alms-House."1845	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"Albert Simmons; or, The midshipman\'s revenge. A tale of land & sea. By Frank Forester."1845	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"Fanny Campbell, the female pirate captain. A tale of the Revolution. By Lieutenant Murray."1845	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"The naval officer, or, The pirate\'s cave : a tale of the last war / by Lieutenant Murray."1845	"Barker, B."	"Cecilia: or, The white nun of the wilderness. A romance of love and intrigue. By Benjamin Barker."1845	"Barker, B."	"Emily Elwood, or, The hermit of the crags : A romance of the last war / by Benjamin Barker."1845	"Barker, B."	Mary Moreland: or The fortunes and misfortunes of an orphan. By Benjamin Barker.1845	"Bradbury, Osgood."	"Monira; or, The wandering heiress."1845	"Arthur, T. S."	Lovers and husbands : a story of married life / by T. S. Arthur.1845	"Arthur, T. S."	The maiden: a story for my young countrywomen. / By T.S. Arthur.1845	"Arthur, T. S."	"The heiress, by T.S. Arthur."1845	"Barker, B."	"Zoraida: or The witch of Naumkeag! : A tale of the olden time. / By Egbert Augustus Cowslip, Esq."1845	"Arthur, T. S."	The wife: a story for my young countrywomen. / By T.S. Arthur.1846	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"The child of the sea, or The smuggler of Colonial times. And The love test. By Lieutenant Murray."1846	"Barker, B."	"Clarilda; or, The female pickpocket. A romance of New York City. By B. Barker."1846	"Allen, Elizabeth."	Sketches of Green Mountain life : with an autobiography of the author / By Miss Elizabeth Allen.1847	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"The gipsey: or, The robbers of Naples. A story of love and pride. By Lieutenant Murray."1847	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"Roderick the rover: or, The spirit of the wave / by Lieutenant Murray."1847	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	The Spanish musketeer. A tale of military life. By Lieutenant Murray.1847	"Bird, Robert Montgomery,"	"Calavar, or, The knight of the conquest : a romance of Mexico / By R. M. Bird."1847	"Bryant, John D."	Pauline Seward. A tale of real life. By John D. Bryant.1847	"Arthur, T. S."	"Keeping up appearances; or, a tale for the rich and poor. / By T.S. Arthur."1847	"Arthur, T. S."	"Riches have wings; or, A tale for the rich and poor. / By T.S. Arthur, author of """"Keeping up appearances,"""" the """"Young music teacher,"""" """"Lady at home,"""" etc."""1847	"Averill, Charles E."	"The Mexican ranchero: or, The maid of the chapparal. : A romance of the Mexican War. / By Charles E. Averill, author of the \'Secret Service ships,\' ;Corsair King,\' &c., &c."1847	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"The gipsey: or, The robbers of Naples. : A story of love and pride. / By Lieutenant Murray, author of \'Fanny Campbell,\' \'The Spanish musketeer,\' \'Roderick the rover,\' etc. etc."1848	"Ashland, Aria."	"Dark Sybil: or, The fortunes of the Catherwoods. By Aria Ashland."1848	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"Red Rupert, the American buccaneer. A tale of the Spanish Indies. By Lieutenant Murray."1848	"Bennett, Emerson,"	"Kate Clarendon: or, Necromancy in the wilderness. A tale of the Little Miami. By Emerson Bennett."1848	"Arthur, T. S."	"Debtor and creditor; : a tale of the times. / By T.S. Arthur, author of """"Riches have wings,"""" """"Rising in the world,"""" """"Keeping up appearances,"""" """"Making haste to be rich,"""" etc."""1848	"Arthur, T. S."	"Making haste to be rich : or, The temptation and fall / by T.S. Arthur."1848	"Arthur, T. S."	"Retiring from business: or, The rich man\'s error. / by T.S. Arthur, author of """"Keeping up appearances,"""" """"The young music teacher,"""" """"Lady at home,"""" etc.."""1848	"Arthur, T. S."	"Married and single, or, Marriage and celibacy contrasted : in a series of domestic pictures / by T.S. Arthur."1848	"Bennett, Emerson,"	"The trapper\'s bride : or, Spirit of adventure / by the author of The prairie bird. Letter-press Full Work"1848	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"Rosalette: or, The flower girl of Paris. : A romance of France. / By Lieutenant Murray, author of \'Fanny Campbell,\' \'The naval officer,\' \'The gipsey,\' \'The Spanish musketeer,\' \'Roderick the rover,\' \'The adventurer.\' etc. etc."1848	"Arthur, T. S."	"Rising in the world; or, A tale for the rich and poor. / by T.S. Arthur, author of """"Keeping up appearances,"""" """"Riches have wings,"""" etc. etc."""1848	"Arthur, T. S."	"Love in a cottage. / By T.S. Arthur, author of """"Insubordination, or The shoemaker\'s daughters,"""" """"Arthur\'s temperance tales,"""" """"The maiden,"""" """"The wife,"""" """"The mother,"""" etc."""1848	"Averill, Charles E."	"The pirates of Cape Ann; or, The freebooter\'s foe. : A tale of land and water. / By Charles E. Averill, author of The secret service ship, The wreckers, etc., etc., etc.."1848	"Arthur, T. S."	"Temptations: : a story for the reformed, by T.S. Arthur. As originally published in the New-York Organ. Illustrated by seven original engravings by R. Major. With other tales.."1848	"Barnes, Charlotte Mary Sanford,"	"Plays, prose and poetry / by Charlotte M.S. Barnes."1848	"Peppergrass, Paul,"	"Shandy M\'Guire, or, Tricks upon travellers / being a story of the north of Ireland / by Paul Peppergrass [i.e. J. Boyce]."1849	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"Albert Simmons, or, The midshipman\'s revenge : a tale of land and sea / by Lieutenant Murray."1849	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"Roderic the rover; or, the spirit of the wave / by Lieutenant Murray."1849	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"The Spanish musketeer, a tale of military life / By Lieutenant Murray."1849	"Batchelder, Eugene,"	"A romance of the sea serpent, or, The ichthyosaurus. [By Wave, pseud.]  Also, a collection of the ancient and modern authorities, with letters from distinguished merchants and men of science."1849	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	Fanny Campbell: the female pirate captain : a tale of the revolution / by Lieutenant Murray.1849	"Bradbury, Osgood."	The belle of the bowery.1849	"Arthur, T. S."	"Riches have wings; or, a tale for the rich and poor. / By T.S. Arthur. Author of """"Keeping up appearances,"""" the """"Young music teacher,"""" """"Lady at home,"""" etc.."""1850	"Briggs, Emily Edson,"	"Ellen Parry; or, Trials of the heart. By Olivia [pseud.]."1850	"Olivia,"	"Ellen Parry; or, Trials of the heart. / By Olivia [pseud.]."1850	"Arthur, T. S."	Tales of married life / by T.S. Arthur. Containing ...1850	"Arthur, T. S."	"The young artist : or, The dream of Italy / by T.S. Arthur."1850	"Arthur, T. S."	"The debtor\'s daughter, or, Life and its changes / by T.S. Arthur."1850	"J. A. B.,"	"Mary Bean: : the factory girl. A domestic story, illustrative of the trials and temptations of factory life. Founded on recent events. / By Miss J.A.B., of Manchester.."1850	"Batchelder, Eugene,"	"A romance of the sea-serpent, or, The ichthyosaurus. : Also, a collection of the ancient and modern authorities, with letters from distinguished merchants and men of science. / By Eugene Batchelder."1851	"Arthur, T. S."	"Tales from real life / by T.S. Arthur ; containing Bell Martin, Family pride, Mary Ellis, Alice Melville, Pride and principle"1852	"Ballou, Maturin Murray,"	"The naval officer: or, The pirate\'s cave : a thrilling story of the last war / by Lieutenant Murray."1853	"Arthur, T. S."	Sketches of life and character. / By T.S. Arthur. Illustrated with sixteen engravings and a portrait of the author.    		The History of Eliza Warwick : in two volumes.		"The Jilts, or Female fortune-hunters"		"The History of Miss Katty N---- : containing a faithful and particular relation of her amours, adventures, and various turns of fortune, in Scotland, Ireland, Jamaica, and in England  written by herself."		The life and adventures of Bampfylde-Moore Carew .	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler, "	The history of Jemmy and Jenny Jessamy in three volumes / by the author of The history of Betsy Thoughtless.	"Haywood, Eliza Fowler, "	The history of Jemmy and Jenny Jessamy in three volumes / by the author of The history of Betsy Thoughtless.	"Davis, John"	The wanderings of William: